It's been said that there are two types of people in life; the ones who we're born into their good
fortune, and the one's who have to earn it. The thing is, though, whoever came up with this saying
didn't realize there was a rather depressing third option.
The third kind of person wasn't born into anything, and regardless of how hard they try, earning
it is still out of the question because, at the end of the day, life is just not that fair. That third person is
me.
Fortunately, I've grown to accept this. I know that no matter how hard I work at my low paying,
manual labor job, I will never save enough money to change my life in any truly significant way. It's
just not in the cards.
The acceptance of this is freeing, in a way, just one less thing I have to worry about as a go
through my routine daily struggle. It would be a lot easier if my brain was slower and weaker, but it's
not, regardless of how hard I try. I am in the strange situation of wishing that I wasn't so damn smart,
simply because it just makes all of these tragic realizations about the life of the average, American
male that much more disappointing.
Today, like every other day that stretches behind me, begins with scrubbing down the first floor
bathrooms here at Burtorp University. I make my rounds slowly and methodically, cleaning the
facilities to the best of my ability. I move on to the second floor, then the third. Eventually, the final
bathroom is cleaned, sparkling and new as I look back at it from the doorway with a strange pride.
It's finally time to go home.
I collect my things and start to make my way back towards the janitor's closet, pushing my mop
and bucket across the long tile hallway of this otherwise empty building. Row upon row of
classroom doors pass me by, a series of reminders of the college life that I could never afford to
have.
I get to the final door before my janitors closet and stop suddenly, noticing something strange
about the blackboard inside. I take a few steps, peering into the empty classroom and reveling in the
incredible, giant math problem that stretches upward in chalk before me.
I've seen calculations like this before while reading in my spare time and, despite it's size, I
think that I have a pretty good idea where to start, so I leave my bucket and mop then enter the
classroom. I step out into the middle of the room and look up at the board, taking it all in, then get to
work.
Hour's later, I find myself picking up a small piece of chalk and scribbling the solution to this
equation at the bottom, then step away once more. It looks perfect.
The classroom around me is completely desolate, however, and there is nobody here to share
my victory or check my work. Instead, I walk back out into the hallway, all alone, and continue to
push my mop and bucket to the janitor's closet.
The next day I'm sitting alone in the massive brick courtyard when I'm suddenly approached by
a handsome professor. He's a T-Rex, with dashing good looks and a sharp-toothed, yet attractive,
smile.
"Are you James Gort?" Asks the dinosaur professor.
I nod, looking up at him from my place on the bench.
"Can you come with me?" He continues.
I'm a little shocked by his request, seeing as this is the first time any staff or student here has
truly acknowledged my presence since I started working on campus two years ago.
"Is something wrong?" I ask.
"It's about the math problem on my board." The professor continues.
I suddenly remember the night before and immediately kick myself for not covering my tracks. I
should have never gone into that classroom in the first place.
"I don't know what you're talking about." I tell him.
The T-Rex professor eyes me skeptically. "One of my students says that she saw you in there
working on the equation last night, is that true?"
I shake my head. "No, sir."
The dinosaur sits down on the bench next to me. "That equation has been around for a very,
very long time. It's never been solved. Until yesterday."
I glance over at him, trying to determine whether or not he's attempting to trap me.
"Wasn't me." I answer.
The professor T-Rex looks deep into my eyes, searching for something, and in this moment my
perception of him suddenly shifts. I find myself strangely attracted to this handsome, prehistoric
creature, unable to undo this slanted new way of looking at him.
The T-Rex stands abruptly. "Sorry to bother you." He says, "My mistake."
The dinosaur turns and begins to walk away, but he gets no more than five steps before I shout
out and stop him. "Wait!"
The T-Rex halts and looks back at me.
"I've gotta get back to work now." I explain. "But I'm off at eight tonight."
"Come by my classroom." The professor tells me.
I nod as he leaves.
The rest of the day it's hard to focus on the job at hand. Even though most of my duties here
involve straight manual labor with no brain power required, I often find myself staring out from the
window at the students who walk past. I wonder what it was that brought them to this very moment,
why they are here and what the want to do with their lives? I start to consider the same thing about
myself.
When eight o'clock finally arrives I head over to the classroom and find the dinosaur professor
waiting for me, sitting alone at one of his students desks while the massive blackboard is scrawled
with yet another complex math problem.
"Hey." Is all that I offer, coming inside.
The T-Rex stands and walks over to me, extending his stubby little dinosaur arm in a much more
formal greeting than the one I received before. "Professor Robber Downy."
"Nice to meet you." I say, shaking his claw.
The T-Rex turns to the board. "I wanted to see if you could help me with this problem. It's a
little more difficult than the last one."
My eyes are immediately scanning the equation top to bottom, taking it all in. Immediately, I
start to notice a pattern, and before I know it I've stepped up to the board and grabbed a small white
piece of chalk, getting to work.
The professor watches for a moment and then suddenly picks up on the angle that I'm taking,
getting to work next to me with a few equations of his own.
Eventually, the board is absolutely covered with our notes, numbers and letters piling up into
lengthy patterns of chalk. When the two of us finally finish we step back and gaze upwards, smiles
plastered across our faces.
"This problem has never been solved before." Robber says. "Did you know that?"
I shake my head.
"You've made history." The professor continues.
I suddenly feel the cold touch of his scaly claw on my shoulder. At first I flinch, not expecting
this powerful dinosaur to get so close to me. I'm immediately picking up a vibe from him, lustful
electricity flowing between us as we stand alone in his classroom. Unfortunately for Robber, I'm
completely straight.
I pull away. "I should go."
"Wait!" The dinosaur says, stopping me in my tracks. I turn back around to face him.
"You're brilliant, did you know that?" Robber asks, a deep sincerity in his eyes.
"What does it matter?" I retort.
"Do you realize that you've just accomplished something in the course of an hour that some
people have dedicate their entire lives too?"
I shrug.
"Why do you insist on denying your own intelligence?" The dinosaur finally demands to know,
cutting straight to the point.
I sigh. "Because I know where I come from. I may be smart, but that also means I'm smart
enough to know that it doesn't matter for a guy like me. I can't afford to go to school here."
Robber nods in understanding. "What if I taught you for free?"
"Really?" I ask, suddenly interested.
"Yes." The dinosaur confirms. "Not just math, though."
"What else do you want to teach me?" I question, slightly confused.
The dinosaur cracks a smile with rows of powerful, sharp teeth. "Gayness."
My heart skips a beat as the professor says this. I have always been completely in tune with my
own sexuality, never questioned the fact that I was attracted to women and only women, but now I'm
not so sure. There is no denying that this dinosaur is incredibly sexy, charming and sophisticated yet
rough around the edges. Could it be that the lesson has already begun?
"You would teach me gayness… for free?" I stammer, my voice trembling.
"I would." Says the T-Rex. "Are you interested?"
I nod.
"Good." Robber tells me. "Be here at ten tomorrow night and we'll have our first lesson."
The following day is just as difficult to get through as the first, distracted by my excitement for
what the professor could possibly have in store. The longer that my mind is allowed to wander, the
hornier I get for his incredible prehistoric body. There is no question about it any longer, I'm turning
gay for my dinosaur professor.
When I finally arrive at the classroom, the professor is nowhere to be found. A lone desk sits in
front of the blackboard with a stack of index cards placed neatly on top of it. I look around, slightly
confused, then approach the deck. I pick up the first card, which is labeled, Lesson One.
Flipping the card over, I read aloud. "If gay equals X and straight equals Y, what is bi?"
I think about this a moment, not even knowing where to begin with my answer.
"Having trouble?" A voice suddenly echoes through the room.
I turn to see Robber standing in the doorway with a smirk on his face. "You see, gayness isn't
quite as easy to learn as you'd think. I've been gay my entire life and I still don't fully understand it."
"I've been straight my whole life." I tell the dinosaur. "And now I'm not so sure."
The T-Rex professor sits down in one of his student's desks. "Try the next card."
I read the next card, which is labeled, Lesson Two. "Is it gay if it's between a man and a
dinosaur?"
"Well?" The professor asks. "What do you think?"
"I've heard this one before." I tell him. "I'm thinking."
Robber stands up from the desk and begins walking slowly towards me. "You know, sometimes
the best way to teach someone is to just show them." The dinosaur reveals. "Maybe we should leave
the flashcards for the beginners."
"I don't know." I counter, my voice quaking in my throat. "I'm scared."
"Of what?" My dinosaur professor asks, pushing himself up against me.
"This." I admit.
Our lips grow closer and closer until we are just inches away from one another, anxious to
touch as our tension fills the air and swirls around us like a tornado. It's like standing at the edge of a
cliff and looking down over the side.
"You're smart." The dinosaur tells me. "But sometimes it's okay to ask for a little help; a little
push. Would you like me to push you, Mr. Gort?"
"Yes." I sigh, the word falling out of my mouth in limp surrender.
Suddenly, Robber is kissing me, pushing hard against my body with his massive dinosaur
frame. I stumble backwards a bit but he stays with me, maneuvering myself backwards until I finally
reach the blackboard and stop against it. The two of us are making out now, passion blossoming
between us as we enjoy the presence of one another's body.
"Teach me." I moan. "Teach me to be gay."
The dinosaur begins to run his claws up and down my muscular chest and stomach, exploring
me while I explore him. I quickly tear away his jacket and undo his tie, throwing it to the side. The
dinosaur's dress shirt comes next and, soon enough, he is completely shirtless, revealing an
incredible, muscular set of toned, green abs.
"You look incredible." I tell Robber.
"So do you." The T-Rex gushes. With his tiny claws he quickly undresses me and before I
know it the two of us are pressed back against the blackboard, completely naked.
The professor wastes no time, reaching down and grabbing a hold of my now rock hard cock. I
let out a soft whimper as the prehistoric beast begins to stroke gracefully along the length of my shaft,
sending wave after wave of pleasure across my trembling body.
I immediately begin to do the same for him, grabbing ahold of his massive scaly rod and getting
to work. I beat the professor off slowly at first, pumping my hand across his length in firm, even
strokes until eventually my aching lust gets the best of me and I begin to speed up. Faster and faster I
go until I am throttling his beastly rod with everything that I've got.
"You like that you dirty old dinosaur?" I ask. "You like the way my warm human hand feels
across that cold dino-dick of yours?"
"Yes!" Groans Robber. "I love it."
"What's my next lesson?" I coo.
"Blowjobs." The dinosaur tells me, suddenly pushing me down onto my knees.
I look up at the majestic green creature playfully, his cock hovering just inches from my face as I
stroke his length. I stick out my tongue and lick him sensually from balls to tip, cradling his hanging
scrotum as I go.
"Like this?" I ask.
"Just like that." The dinosaur professor says.
"How about this?" I continue, then open my mouth wide and take him as deep as I can into my
throat.
Due to the fact that this is my first ever blowjob, I don't make it very far, stopping immediately
when the creatures giant dick reaches the edge of my sensitive gag reflex. I struggle against him and
then finally pull back with a loud gasp and a retch, my body rejecting Robber's advances.
"I don't understand." I say, coughing.
"That's why I'm here." The dinosaur professor explains. "To teach you."
The creature places both clawed hands on the back of my head, but doesn't pull me towards him
yet.
"This time, I want you to relax." Robber explains. "Just let yourself accept the cock. You are
open and free."
"I'm open and free." I repeat back to him.
"Good." Robber smiles. "Now suck this T-Rex dick."
Robber pulls me towards him and once again I accept the prehistoric beast's rod into my
mouth. This time, however, I'm ready for him, and when the dino-cock hits my gag reflex I somehow
manage to let him pass, accepting his size fully within my throat. Farther and farther his scaly rod
travels down until finally he reaches the hilt, my face pressed firmly up against the professor's rock
hard dinosaur abs.
I look up at him with a lustful hunger in my eyes, wishing that there was somehow even more of
him to consume. Even though this is my first homosexual experience, I've jumped in fully, yearning to
take this dinosaur in every way possible. Not only that, but I realize now how my blooming feelings
for this incredible creature may actually extend farther than just aching gay lust; I think I love him.
Just when I'm almost completely out of air, the dinosaur finally pulls me back and releases me
from his grasp. I gasp loudly, beating him off for a moment and then going back in for more. This
time I get to work bobbing my head up and down across the length of his hard dick, pleasuring the
professor skillfully.
The dinosaur moans and groans above me, clearly enjoying himself as he begins to rock his hips
back and forth to the rhythm of my movements. We are completely in sync with one another.
Eventually, my desire for Robber is simply too much to bear. I stand abruptly and turn around,
marching across the classroom and then pushing the stack of notecards off of the desk. I lean down
over the edge and pop my ass out at the dinosaur behind me, displaying my puckered hole for him.
"Here you go." I purr.
I reach with one hand and spread my ass cheeks open, then look back over my shoulder.
"I've been a bad, bad student coming in here and solving all the problems." I tell him. "You
need to teach me a lesson, a lesson in gayness."
"I think I can do that." Says the dinosaur as he approaches my muscular rear, brandishing a
massive scaly rod in his claw.
The next thing I know, I can feel the head of Robber's shaft testing the rim of my asshole's
tightness, pushing gently against my sealed butt.
"Do it!" I command. "Just shove it in there."
The dinosaur professor does as he's told, thrusting forward hard and causing me to let out a
loud yelp that's a mixture of both pleasure and pain. I grip tightly onto the edge of the desk as the
enormous creature begins to slam into me, pounding me in a series of firm, even thrusts that rock my
entire body.
As the dinosaur speeds up he begins to push us across the floor, the desk no match for his
Jurassic strength.
"Oh shit! Oh shit!" I cry out, repeating the words over and over again, louder still with every
pump. "Oh shit, my tight gay asshole!"
Professor Robber is throttling me with everything that he's got now, absolutely pummeling my
butthole with his thickness. I reach down between my legs with one hand and grab ahold of my firm,
hanging cock, then immediately get to work beating myself off. I close my eyes and bite my lip as the
powerful sensation of impending orgasm begin to flood my senses.
The dinosaur is hitting my prostate just right, massaging me from deep within. It's a strange
sensation of fullness, but incredibly pleasant in a way that consumes my entire being, body and soul.
"I'm gonna blow!" I tell him, my body quaking with ecstasy.
"Not yet you aren't." Says Professor Robber. "What kind of lesson in gayness would that be?"
The dinosaur pulls out of me and slaps my ass hard. "Get up."
I stand, and turn to face him, awaiting the next instruction.
"Climb on." Robber says. He holds out his tiny T-Rex claws and I hoist myself up onto him
wrapping my muscular legs around his torso. The dinosaur reaches down and positions his dick at
the entrance of my now reamed backdoor, aligning himself as he holds me upright. Seconds later, the
creature drops me suddenly onto his shaft.
"Oh my god!" I yell, my fingers gripping tightly into him as my body is impaled upon the
dinosaur's massive rod. "That's do fucking deep."
Robber immediately starts to pump me up and down across his length, using the power of
gravity to slam his cock into me with even more brutal ferocity than before.
The sensation is so incredible that my eyes immediately roll back into my head, my body barely
able to contain all of the strange new pleasures that course through it. I'm spasming uncontrollably
now, my legs kicked out straight as I reach down and grab ahold of my throbbing cock for a second
time
I begin to beat myself off in tandem with Robber's thrusts from below, rapidly stroking my
dick. "Teach me gayness!" I beg. "I'm ready!"
"You're already gay." Robber yells. "Just go for it, you can do it!"
With no more room left inside my body, I suddenly explode in a powerful orgasm, throwing my
head back and letting out a scream of pleasure. My entire being pulses with blissful sensation,
traveling across me from head to toe in a series of incredible waves. Hot, white jizz eject from the
head of my cock in a handful of forceful blasts, splattering the dinosaur's chest with a pearly liquid.
Immediately after the sensation passes, Robber lowers me down onto the ground. I sprawl out
on my back before him, looking up with cum hungry eyes as I coax him along. "I need your spunk all
over me." I moan. "Cover this hot gay human with your Jurrasic jizz bomb. Blast your load all over
my fucking face."
The dinosaur is beating himself off furious with a tiny claw, and then seconds later he explodes
across me in a massive splatter of cum.
I open my mouth and catch as much as I can on my tongue, while the rest of it ends up painting
me with a liquid smile from cheek to cheek.
"Thank you professor." I say with a coy smile. "That's exactly what I needed."
Over the next month me and Robber grow closer and closer while we delve into the deep,
unknown secrets of gayness. Just when we think we've found the bottom of the mysterious well, we
discover there is even more to go. Soon we are publishing papers of our findings in all of the major
science journals across the globe, as well as various gay and lesbian blogs. I couldn't be happier.
With every passing day, our interspecies love becomes even more apparent, as well. Not only
is the sex good, but the connection that we feel for one another is unlike anything I have ever
experienced. I realize now that what I once thought of as straight love was nothing more than childish
infatuation.
Eventually, Robber and I are married in a beautiful private ceremony on the beach in Santa
Barbara. We kiss, sealing our vows, and then decide to go take a walk along the shore with one
another, enjoying our first moments of gay matrimony.
We find a spot on the sand just as the sunset begins and take a seat, looking out across the water
at the billowing swaths of purple and gold that caress the sky.
"It's incredible." I tell him.
"It is." Robber responds, but he doesn't smile.
"What is it?" I ask my newlywed dinosaur husband. "Aren't you happy?"
"Of course, I am." He says, putting his claw around me and pulling me close. "I just…" The
creature trails off.
"What is it?" I question again. "You know that you can tell me anything."
"Do you ever stop and thing about what we're doing?" Begins Robber the dinosaur. "The fact
that we are just carelessly answering these timeless questions, opening them up without a thought in
the world."
I don't quite follow him, and Robber can see it on my face.
"Maybe these problems that we're solving should remain unsolved." The dinosaur says,
bluntly. "Maybe we're playing god."
"By understanding gayness?" I ask.
The dinosaur nods. "Gayness is the most powerful force in the universe." Robber explains.
"We might be working for good, but what if our work was to fall into the wrong hands? There's no
telling what could happen."
I laugh. "You can't be serious."
I turn to Robber, expecting a smile in response but he is completely stone faced.
"With the knowledge that we've gained, you could create a blast ten times more powerful than
an atom bomb." The dinosaur says. "You could literally unravel the entire universe with our
gayness."
"And without the universe, what would take its place?" I ask.
"An even gayer universe." The dinosaur explains. "With our formulas, you could literally
build a button that, when pressed, rebuilds the universe instantly, just gayer."
"That sounds great." I joke.
"I don't know." Says the dinosaur. "With great power comes great responsibility." My new
husband and professor reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a sheet over paper, handing it over
to me.
"What is this?" I ask, unfolding it.
"The blueprints for that button." Robber says. "An order straight from the president himself."