In all of my years as an investigative reporter, it was never once this tense, and I certainly never
expected it to be once I transitioned into the world of blogging.
Shouldn't this new era of journalism be defined by lazy click-bait articles and top-ten lists? At
least, that's what I was told when I was hired, but now here I am on the edge of my seat in Billings,
Montana, sitting in a bustling coffee shop while I stare daggers at the door and sip from my warm cup
of blonde roast.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining. This kind of on the spot and off the cuff investigating
is exactly what I dreamed of when I was a young man working my way through college. But, as the
newspapers died and social media began to rise up into the information titan that it is, I was well
aware that my dreams of running around with my tape recorder in some strange part of the world
were over.
Granted, I never thought that strange part of the world would be Billings, but I'm happy to be
here. Nervous, but happy.
I'm not sure if my anxiety if from the prospect of actually meeting my subject, or simply the fact
that my boss at the blog was willing to put actual money towards this trip and if I don't come back
with something amazing then I've proven the naysayers right. In this day and age, this type of in-the-
field reporting is rare to come by.
I suppose that says a lot about my subject, the elusive Dr. Chuck Tingle.
Chuck has been an enigma to me ever since discovering his book, Pounded In The Butt By My
Own Butt, a masterpiece of erotic literature that is both ridiculous and revolutionary. While some
might be turned off by the idea of "sentient butt love," I was fascinated by the story, but even more
fascinated by the twisted mind that wrote it.
This is where my journey down the rabbit hole began.
Soon enough, I was researching Chuck Tingle late into the night, trying to set up an interview but
growing ever more confused by the elusive nature of the man. While there were many photos of the
doctor, and his voice had been recorded several times, he seemed incredibly adverse to any
interaction other than an email interview, even when I offered to fly out to Billings.
Unfortunately for Chuck, this denial only made my thirst for the truth even stronger. I became so
fascinated with Chuck's world; his son, the villainous neighbor, and his deceased wife. It all seemed
too outrageous to be true, but there was only one way to find out for sure.
Suddenly, my thoughts are broken by a ringing bell as the door to the coffee shop opens and the
man himself steps inside, followed shortly after by his adult son. Chuck looks exactly how I would
expect him too, a middle-aged man clad in a white gi.
I immediately try to look away, so as not to give away my interest, but somehow Chuck and his
son have spotted me and are immediately walking over to the small table at which I sit. This is
strange for a number of reasons, most importantly; they should have no idea what I look like.
I try to act nonchalant, glancing away until I hear two wooden chairs pull out and then realize
that they are sitting down next to me. My cover has officially been blow.
"How did you know it was me?" I ask, turning back to face Chuck.
"Because we're the same person," he states bluntly.
I realize now that this person is clearly more mentally disturbed that I could have ever known, a
very confused man who is just barely holding onto his sanity.
"I'm afraid not," I offer with a laugh.
Chuck smiles. "Then what's your name?"
I try to brush his question off, but then suddenly realize I have no idea how to answer it. "My
name is…" I stammer, not exactly sure how to finish the sentence.
"Exactly," Chuck tells me.
"What is going on?" I question, suddenly feeling sick to my stomach. I realize now that I have no
idea how I actually traveled here to this coffee shop, how my past was somehow able to weave its
way up to this present moment of confusion.
I'm utterly terrified.
"Calm down," explains Chuck, "I understand that this is going to be a lot for you to take in but I
need you to stay incredibly relaxed, otherwise this dream will end and I'll need to start all over
again."
"Dream?" I question.
Chuck nods.
"Who are you?" I continue, my heart pounding in my chest.
"I'm your subconscious, the part of your brain that knows you're asleep and remembers why
we're here," the author reveals. "I can tell you more, but you need to stay calm. Believe it or not, this
is the two-hundred and fifteenth time I've tried to wake you."
"Well, why doesn't it work?" I question.
"You get too freaked out," Chuck explains, "and you escape into another dream setting which
starts the whole process over again."
"How long have I been asleep?" I ask him.
"Two years," Chuck informs me, "and you were supposed to sleep for another eight more, but
plans have changed."
Chuck glances over at his adult son Jon, who nods in approval, officially sanctioning whatever
is about to come next. When Chuck looks back at me there is an intensity in his eyes unlike anything I
have ever seen.
"You seem like you might be able to handle the knowledge this time," Dr. Tingle begins, "so
here goes. You've been in hypersleep for two years, traveling through space towards the planet Kibbs
Porp-9. You are Earth's only hope to intercept a brigade of hostile alien lifeforms that are headed
towards Earth."
I shake my head, unable to accept this ridiculous concept, but the second that I do I begin to feel
the entire coffee shop trembling around me, shaking violently as if it is made of film that is coming
unwound from it's spool.
"Calm down!" Chuck shouts, desperately trying to get me to pull it together. "Breath!"
I do as I'm told, focusing on the internal sensations of my body until finally the world around me
returns to its original state.
"Your name is Chuck Tingle," the author explains, "years ago you wrote a book called Pounded
In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt, do you remember that?"
"You wrote that book," I protest.
"We're one in the same," Chuck informs me, "you wrote the book and eventually it became a
worldwide hit, it was such a massive cultural phenomenon, in fact, that the book was launched out
into space as part of our effort to contact extraterrestrial life. It was used as an example of humanity's
sense of romance."
I can't help but feel a surge of pride as he tells me this, pleased with the knowledge that, after
all of this time struggling as a journalist, I've finally been recognized for my writing. It's only
moments later that I remember I'm not really a journalist at all, and any history that I've imagined in
this career has been completely manufactured by my brain during hypersleep.
"The books landed on an uncharted planet deep in the farthest corners of our solar system, only
to begin a rapid evolution. Unbeknownst to all of us back here on Earth, the books had become
sentient, blossoming into an entire civilization of horny gay books named Pounded In The Butt By My
Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt," Chuck explains. "We had no idea it was happening until
it was too late. We've now picked up signals from the planet and discovered their rapid evolution,
but it's too late. There is already a convoy of heavily armed space craft headed towards Earth."
"And that's why you sent me," I offer, and then correct myself, "I mean us."
Chuck nods. "It was decided by a vote of the world leaders to send the author of the book out
into space, hoping that he could intercept the hostile ships and either reason with them or, if need be,
destroy them."
"How close are they?" I question frantically.
"Very close, you were intended to wake up years from now but the book's are much faster than
we anticipated. As your subconscious mind I only know this because, while we sleep, I've been
picking up a distinct lack of shaking from our own vessel. I believe that we have been stopped by the
enemy ships," Chuck informs me.
"And they haven't destroyed us?" I question, the coffee shop continuing to hum with excited
chatter around us.
"Not yet."
"Well, how do I wake up?" I ask the author, terrified.
Chunk smiles, clearly having never made it this far during his previous attempts. "You have a
password that will end the hyper sleep program once spoken aloud," he informs me. "We just need to
remember what it is."
"You don't know?" I question.
Chuck shakes his head. "The answer was supposed to come to you naturally at the end of your
hypersleep. This early, you shouldn't even be aware that the trip is taking place."
Immediately I start to think back over my fictional life, looking for any kind of clue that could
possibly reveal itself. Everything is a blur, but now that I've been reminded of my reality outside of
hypersleep, little bits and pieces of that life begin slipping through the cracks. I focus on the deepest
parts of my subconscious mind, filtering through the swirling information that just barely makes any
sense.
I see a man in a military uniform pointing to a screen, I see a test rocket flying through the air, I
see myself in the mirror; nothing there points to any kind of clue regarding the password.
"Anything?" questions Chuck.
I shake my head. "Nothing yet."
Deeper and deeper I travel through my thoughts, desperate to find the answer when suddenly I
begin to notice a pattern, a familiar thought that seems to appear again and again. Eventually, it
becomes overwhelming, growing in a beautiful blossom that consumes my mind. Now I am
completely surrounded by the cute butts of men, hard and muscular as they invade my brain.
My eyes fly open again. "Cute butts," I say out loud, the words feeling familiar as they flow off
of my tongue.
"Password accepted," comes a strange, mechanical voice through he coffee shop's overhead
speakers.
Suddenly, I sit upright, coughing and sputtering as a mechanical lid slides away from me. I'm in
a tub of cool sliver liquid that sloshes back and forth, disturbed by my sudden movement. There are
all kinds of tubes running back and forth across the machine, and moments later I realize that one of
them has been inserted into my rectum.
All of my real memories come flooding back in a matter of seconds: my mission to stop the
renegade books, my life as a famous author from Billings.
I grab onto the edges of the tub and pull myself out, groaning loudly as the massive tube slips
away of my butthole and splashes back down into the silver liquid. Everything aches, my joints
throbbing from their lack of use over these years of self-induced dreaming.
I stand here for a moment, letting my eyes adjust to the light until I can finally make out the rest
of my surroundings. This is my spacecraft, this is my home.
My subconscious was right, the ship isn't moving.
Immediately, I stumble out into the main corridor of the spacecraft, completely nude as I make
my way towards the helm. At this point, I can hear the faint pulse of a communications alert, meaning
that someone nearby is trying to open up a channel to talk.
I reach the end of the hall and slam my hand hard against the button that opens the bridge doors,
gasping as they fly wide and reveal an entire armada of ships on the video screen before me. They
have me completely surrounded, absolutely terrifying vessels that are covered in bizarre weaponry.
I make my way into the room and use my verbal command to open a line of communication
between the ships and me.
A familiar book appears on screen.
"Greetings, this is Captain Mimmer Tops of the…" the book begins to say and then suddenly
trails off. He looks absolutely stunned.
"This is Captain Chuck Tingle," I announce, standing proudly before him, "greetings."
The book shakes his head and collects himself. "I'm sorry, but I'm sure you must recognize how
strange this is for me and my people. For thousands of years you were seen as a god."
I can't help but chuckle at this. "No, just an author from Billings."
The book, Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt, looks
confused, glancing around at the other paperback who stand at attention around him. "You appear to
be much less warlike than we anticipated," Captain Mimmer informs me.
"You appear pretty warlike yourself," I counter. "I can see quite a few weapons mounted on
your ship there."
The books exchange glances once again.
"Why have you stopped my vessel?" I question.
"To protect ourselves," explains my highly evolved, sentient book. "Throughout the course of
our history, many things terrible things have been carried out in your name; war, genocide. Many
people see you as a vengeful god and thusly, we came prepared. While you were asleep we disarmed
your ship and dismantled your thrusters."
"I am nod a god," I repeat, just a writer and Tae Kwon Do grandmaster from Billings.
The book nods. "We understand that now, but it took many, many millennia for our people to
stop killing one another in your name. We had to be cautious."
I shake my hand, chuckling to myself as I hear this. "You know, believe it or not, my people
thought the same thing about you. We thought you were coming to destory us."
All of the copies of my book, Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My
Own Butt, start laughing, amused by the absurdity of the situation.
"Would you like to come aboard and meet face to face?" I ask.
The Captain Mimmer nods.
It only takes ten minutes with my book in the ships conference room for me to be fully convinced
that these charismatic sentient paperbacks are perfectly harmless, despite their overtly weaponized
ships.
"I'm just going to tell you right now, if you want to make a good impression you cannot show up
to Earth in vehicles looking like that," I explain to the books. "Trust me on this."
"But how can I trust you?" questions Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounding In The Butt By
My Own Butt. "In our lore, you are a crafty god. Granted, we have evolved beyond those stories, but
it is hard to ignore these doubts."
I think about this for a moment, a little bit stumped.
"Well," I finally answer, "I can't speak for the people of Earth as a whole, but if you can't trust
in me then trust in them. We've had our ups and downs, and sometimes it can feel like everything is
falling apart, but when you look at the bigger picture everything is getting better. Every day more and
more people have the right to vote, to marry, to live free, and sure there are places that have a long
way to go, but they are moving in the right direction. Thousands of years ago we used to have
gladiator battles, torture each other, the life expectancy what a third of what it was today," I explain,
"we're not perfect, but at least we're trying."
"But you're still murdering each other in the name of different gods," the book offers, "are you
not?"
I nod and let out a long sigh.
"We developed past that long ago," explains the book. "What you describe sounds like the
pages of our ancient history books."
"So is there no faith on your planet?" I question.
"Of course there is," Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt
says with a laugh, "if we didn't have faith then we wouldn't have tried to come contact Earth in the
first place. We're just trying to be cautious."
"Like I said, I can't speak for all of Earth," I tell him, "but as the author who created you long,
long ago. More weapons is not the answer. Love is the answer."
As I say this, I suddenly feel a strange spark of attraction course between us, completely
unspoken but definitely there. It lurks in the subtle glance of an eye, the slightly elevated breathing of
this handsome book captain.
"What kind of love?" Mimmer asks, turning up the heat a bit.
I still haven't covered up with any clothes, preferring the cool, oxygenized space air against my
bare skin. Of course, this also means that the book Captain has a full view of my cock as it begins to
twitch, growing harder and harder with every passing second.
"Looks like somebody's excited," coos Mimmer, standing up from his chair and sauntering over
to me.
"It's nothing, just part of the decompression after my hypersleep," I stammer.
This gorgeous copy of Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt
shakes his square head as a wry smile crosses his face. "I don't know if I believe that," the book says.
"I thought we were going to be honest with eachother, Chuck."
"We are," I say, my voice trembling as the book slinks closer and closer until he is pressed right
up against me.
"You know, if we wanted the first interaction between Earth and Kibbs Porp-9 to be peaceful,
we could just get that out of the way right now," the book coos.
I try to protest but my lips resist, instead drawing tight as I watch the incredibly handsome alien
book slide lower and lower before me. Eventually, the book is on his knees, his mouth hovering right
over my cock while he gazes up and smiles.
"Do it," I finally sigh, "just do it."
Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt opens his mouth wide
and takes me in, slowly bobbing his head up and down the length of my shaft. The sensation is
incredible, causing me to let out a long, satisfied moan while the book pleasures me.
"Oh my god," I groan, the words falling limping from my lips. Years ago, when I first wrote
Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt, I could have never imagined
that my book would be launched into space and then evolve into a highly advanced civilization whose
leader would suck my cock so well, but here I am.
Captain Mimmer pulls out all the stops, working my balls with his hands and then eventually
pushing down as far as he can for an incredible deep throat. The sensation of him fully consuming my
rod within his thick, paper body is so incredible that I gasp aloud, reeling from the overwhelming
pleasure as it courses through me like sensual electricity.
The book holds me here for a while, keeping his face buried in my lap as he gazes up with
excited, cock drunk eyes.
Suddenly, though, I realize that a diplomatic meeting of this magnitude is all about give and take.
While I certainly enjoy the way that he has addressed my throbbing shaft, I would much rather be the
one who was giving out the pleasure here.
"I want you to pound me," I suddenly blurt, causing the book to release my dick from his mouth
and fall back a bit. "I want to be pounded in the butt by my book Pounded In The Butt By My Book
Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt."
The captain smiles, watching with hungry eyes and I sit up and then spin around in my chair. I
pop my ass out towards him and wiggle it playfully, smiling as the book stands up and positions
himself behind me.
The copy of Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt's cock
slowly begins to extending from his matte paper cover, growing larger and larger until it juts out
towards my rear like a beautiful fleshy spear. He is absolutely enormous.
Shaking with anticipation, I reach back with one hand and spread my ass cheeks open for the
hunky living object, showing off my tightly puckered butthole as the alien book aligns himself with my
tightness. I can feel him teasing my rim, testing the limits of my sphincter as he pushes his tip in and
out.
"Just fucking do it," I beg, "slam that huge book dick up my tight gay human asshole!"
Without another moment of hesitation, the book pushes forward, brutally stretching the limits of
my tightness. I let out a loud yelp, gripping firmly onto the chair before me and moaning as my body
struggles to become accustomed to the size of this edition of Pounded In The Butt By My Book
Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt.
The captain pulses within me slowly at first, pacing himself with a series of deep, powerful
thrusts that send a chill down my spine with every plunge into my anal depths. It's not long before his
moments begin to gain speed however and, the next thing I know, the book is pounding me with
everything that he's got.
It's around this time that I begin to notice the first aching pangs of prostate orgasm as the course
through me, starting deep within my ass and then moving outward in a beautiful, soothing warmth.
While that anal pounding had once been an even mixture of both pain and pleasure, I now find myself
consumed with nothing but aching bliss, transported by the hard paper dick of this handsome book that
I wrote so long ago.
I reach down between my legs and begin to stroke my aching cock along to the movement of his
hammering anal slams, quaking wilding on the chair as I inch closer and closer to a brain melting
orgasm.
"I'm so close!" I cry out, my eyes rolling back into my head. "I'm gonna cum!"
Immediately, the book pulls out of me, slapping me hard on the ass and then lifting me up in his
large, muscular arms. "I'm not finished with you yet," Captain Mimmer says, hoisting me onto the
conference room table and then pushing me over.
I'm lying on my back now, my legs held wide and my reamed asshole completely exposed to the
muscular alien book.
"We're going to cum together, a sign of peace between our people," announces the sentient form
of literary entertainment.
I nod in agreement, and the next thing I know Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The
Butt By My Own Butt is pushing into my body, stretching my asshole once again with the immense
thickness of his swollen member.
"Oh fuck!" I cry out, my frame still not accustomed to his girth. "That evolved paperback dick
feels so good in my butthole!"
The book quickly gets to work slamming me, his hips slapping loudly against my rear as we
begin once again.
"For peace between man and book!" yells the captain.
"Peace between man and book!" I repeat, the words staggering wildly with every slam up my
rear.
Captain Mimmer is giving me everything that he's got, clearly taking his roll as a representative
for his species quite seriously. It's not long before I can feel the familiar orgasmic sensations
blossoming up within me once again, flooding my body with a powerful aching desire that is just
waiting to be unleashed.
I reach down and grab ahold of my bobbing dick, helping myself along as the two of us edge
deep into the troughs of passion, completely in sync with one another.
"Harder!" I scream, "Slam me harder!"
The esteemed copy of Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt
is jackhammering me as hard as he can when suddenly he slams deep within my asshole and lets out a
wild scream, unloading a massive blast of jizz up into my rectum. It keeps coming and coming, filling
me with spunk until there is just not enough room left and his seed comes spilling out from the edges
of my tightly packed rim.
My orgasm follows right behind, perfectly timed to erupt throughout my body at the exact same
moment that I feel his pearly liquid hits my sphincter. I can sense the muscles of my stomach clench
tight, my entire being bracing against the edge of bliss and then tumbling over.
Suddenly, I am completely overwhelmed with ecstasy, shaking wildly as a massive payload of
jizz ejects hard from the head of my cock in a series of sensual waves. It splatters across the cover of
the book before me, glazing his muscular abs with my hot white spunk.
When our orgasms finally pass my book collapses onto the table next to me, curling up as we lie
together in our own cum covered aftermath. I am completely out of it, fucked silly by this powerful
book and utterly satisfied to my very core.
"I think we've started things off on the right foot," the copy of Pounded In The Butt By My Book
Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt tells me.
"You can say that again, I just hope that the rest of our species feel the same way," I offer.
My living book pulls me closer to him, kissing me on the forehead. "We can lead by example,"
he tells me.
There is something very meaningful about the way that Captain Mimmer says this, causing me to
pull back abruptly and look the book in his beautiful blue eyes. "What do you mean?" I ask, my heart
racing.
"I mean…" the captain begins, sliding off of the table and kneeling before me, "will you marry
me?"
At this point I'm too shocked to even speak, simply gasping aloud as the living paperback pulls
out a ring from within his pages.
"How did you know we'd fall in love so fast?" I ask him.
The book shakes his head. "I didn't, but I keep a ring between my pages just in case, it is the
way of our kind."
I gaze down at him in silence, my mind racing as I reel from just how much has happened over
the last few hours. Just moments ago I was a mild mannered blogger looking to write an article about
the elusive Chuck Tingle, and now I am the author himself, falling in love with my own highly
evolved book in outer space.
It sounds crazy, I know, but something about all of this just feels right.
"Yes," I finally say with a nod. "I do."
As this handsome copy of Pounded In The Butt By My Book Pounded In The Butt By My Own
Butt climbs to his feet and wraps his arms around me, I can't help but think about how bright the
future looks, not just for me and my new husband, but for all of humanity.
At one point it seemed like we were inevitably headed to war, two opposing sides who simply
couldn't understand what the other one was trying to say. Now everything has changed.
"I wish everyone else back on Earth could feel this kind of gay love," I tell the book. "It might
solve a lot of problems."
"Just you wait," Mimmer says with a smile. "Just you wait."