I've been to Vegas plenty of times in my life and, I have to say, there's something about this city that
touches me at my very core. Maybe it's the rich history of suit and tie crooners and seductive
showgirls, or maybe it's simply my body's natural reaction to the barrage of flashing lights and
ringing bells. Maybe it's the fact that, at any moment, I could walk over to a slot machine, drop in a
dollar, and suddenly my life could change forever.
Of course, I'm smarter than that. I know what the odds are and I know that the entire system here
is rigged in favor of the house. But I'm a human being, and we are all built to be fascinated by the
magic of the unknown; the improbable, the amazing, the miraculous. Even if I don't throw another
dollar into the massive profit pit that these casinos continue to amass, I love the option of knowing
that I could.
And this, at the heart of it, is what Vegas is all about, the mystery and magic of what could
happen if you just get lucky enough to play your cards right.
Something about this trip into Sin City feels even more magical than usual, though, and as we
cruise closer and closer to our destination across the vast desert landscape, I suddenly realize that I
have never arrived in Vegas by car before. Sure, the city looks beautiful as you swoop down over its
sprawling metropolis of lights, but this moment is fleeting. By car, however, the city seems to loom
large out of the nothingness, starting as a glowing spec in the distance and then becoming bigger and
bigger until you're surrounded by its loving embrace. It's beautiful.
"What a fucking view," I stammer, gazing out through the windshield from my place in the
passenger seat, taking in all the billboards and scrolling marquees.
My friend, Shibs Bark, says nothing as he nods in agreement, his eyes just as transfixed as mine
on the luminous scenery that unfolds before us.
Shibs is a good guy, a real bud who has been nothing but adventurous so far during our cross-
country road trip. He's definitely the type who knows how to have fun, a reliable wingman that enjoys
getting wasted and picking up chicks just as much as I do.
Vegas is our last stop before we turn around and head back East, and we plan on making the
most of our weekend here.
"So what do you think?" I question. "If we get check in right away, get changed, and then head
down to the casino floor, I bet we could start in with some blackjack before midnight."
Shibs nods. "Yeah, man, let's do it. You ever tried craps, though?"
I shake my head. "It looks fun but I don't really know the rules."
"Oh, it's so easy," Shibs gushes, "basically, you're trying to get seven, at least that's how it
starts."
My friend continues explaining the rules of craps to me but, the second that he starts in,
something catches my eye and completely disconnects me from the conversation.
Above us, in beautiful shades of black, white and red, is a billboard unlike anything I have ever
seen. It shows two ravishingly handsome dinosaur magicians, one large T-rex and a short
velociraptor, standing in well tailored suits while cards fly from their hands. Their names are Pinn
and Tucker.
For some reason, I just can't get over how devastatingly good looking these prehistoric
entertainers are, their muscular frames and beautiful scaly skin making my heart skip a beat. There is
something absolutely breathtaking about their confidence as they stand there, displayed in massive
proportions like kings of this fair city.
But as soon as the image has arrived it's gone again, swept past us as the freeway flies by
underneath.
"Does that make sense?" Shibs asks, finishing off his lengthy diatribe on the rules of craps.
"Yeah," I lie, nodding as I tune back in to his story, "totally."
Shibs eyes me skeptically, immediately picking up that something is amiss.
"What?" he asks, glancing over from the driver's seat.
I hesitate, not exactly sure how to deal with the powerful feelings that have suddenly just
coursed through me. I feel as though I'm coming down off of an intense high, a changed man.
"What do you think about seeing a show while we're here?" I stammer.
"A show?" Shibs questions. "What do you mean a show? Like go to a strip club?"
"No, no," I counter, shaking my head, "like a magic show."
At first it seems as though my friend is quite receptive to this idea, but when our eyes meet I
suddenly realize that he is completely joking, sarcastically mocking my excitement as if it is some
kind of childish flight of fancy. Suddenly, Shibs bursts out laughing, unable to control himself any
longer. "Wait, are you serious, Larb?" he asks.
Immediately retreating the notion, I nod. "Yeah, I was just fucking with you. Magic is for kids."
"Yeah bro, we're here to gamble and bang chicks!" yells Shibs, drumming his hands on the
steering wheel wildly and then throwing his head back to howl like a wolf.
I smile, trying to join in with my friend's excitement and, for the most part, succeeding. Still,
there is something that now gnaws away in the back of my mind, and aching desire to be close to these
incredible dinosaurs, and to experience the magic of Sin City for real.
After a few hours at the craps table I'm finally ready to return to my usual blackjack routine. It's
not that craps is all that difficult to understand and, to be honest, it's a really fun game, but luck does
not appear to be with my dice rolls tonight. I'm better off with the cards, I finally decide.
By now, even Las Vegas has calmed down a little bit, although there is still an impressive
number of drunk revealers wandering through the casino for three in the morning.
I find myself at an empty blackjack table and sit down, handing the dealer a hundred dollar bill
and then receiving my chips. He smiles and nods, then deals out the cards.
The dealer shows a two, and I have a pair of queens that totals twenty. Things are already
starting to look up.
"I'll stand," I announce.
The dealer turns his card to reveal a nine, then deals another, a king, which makes twenty-one.
The house wins.
I have no other option but to shake my head and let out a long sigh as the dealer pulls half of my
chips away. "What are the chances," I murmur to myself.
Someone sits down in the chair next to me, and at first I pay them no attention until I spot a
large, green T-rex claw placing another hundred on the table from the corner of my eye. I glance up to
find the familiar face of Pinn, the Jurassic magician from the billboards on the way into town.
The dinosaur gestures to me.
"Hey," I stammer, "you're Pinn."
"I sure am," the dinosaur replies with a smile, showing off his long, dagger-like teeth. "How's
the table treating you tonight?"
"Not good," I admit, shaking my head. "I've played one hand and I've already lost half of my
chips."
The handsome T-rex nods in understanding. "I have a feeling things are going to turn around for
you," he offers, then winks.
Suddenly, the dealer interrupts us. "Would you like to make a bet sir?"
I turn back to him and then push the rest of my chips forward. "Yes."
A new set of cards are dealt, and I immediately win with a blackjack of my own.
I gasp aloud. "How did you know?" I ask Pinn, who also won big.
"Magic," the dinosaur tells me with a charismatic smirk. "As part of our deal with the casinos,
me and my partner Tucker get to use magic while playing any game. We don't get an official salary,
but this little loophole has kept us very, very wealthy."
"Whoa," I gush, shaking my head in amazement, "so cool."
"Do you like magic?" the dinosaur asks.
I shrug. "I don't know, I mean, I've never been to a magic show before."
Pinn reaches into the breast pocket of his suit and then pulls out a card. It's a VIP ticket to the
Pinn and Tucker Magic Show tomorrow night. "I'd like you to have this," says the handsome T-rex.
"Come to the show and you'll see what magic is all about, just show up at the time listed on this
ticket."
I reach out from the card but Pinn withdraws his hand and places it back into his pocket.
"Don't I need that to get in?" I question.
The dinosaur laughs. "You've already got it."
I'm confused at first, but then slowly, cautiously, I open my jacket and search within my own
breast pocket. I find the VIP ticket tucked away safely inside.
When I look back up to thank the gracious dinosaur he has disappeared completely, nothing left
of the handsome prehistoric creature but a puff of smoke that wafts away through the cool casino air
above.
The next night I go all out, dressing up in my finest suit and checking myself in the mirror more
times than I can count.
"You look fine, holy shit," Shibs yells at me, rolling his eyes, "you're acting like this is a
fucking date."
The second that my friend says this I freeze, not wanting to reveal my true feelings about this
important night. It was hard enough to tell my bro that I was going to a magic show, something that he
continues to think is utterly childish. Now that Shibs has come to terms with the fact that he'll be
cruising Vegas on his own this evening, I don't want to give him anything else to be upset with me
about.
Granted, even I'm not exactly sure what these feelings are that blossom and grow inside of me.
All of my life I have been nothing but a perfectly straight bro, a man's man who loves nothing more
than drinking beer, watching football, and banging babes. Suddenly, however, everything has changed.
What I once found incredibly attractive has fallen away, crumbling to dust while, in its place, an
image of Pinn and Tucker stand proud and muscular.
Not only are they dinosaurs, but they are male dinosaurs, something that makes absolutely no
sense to my conscious brain but continues to feed a strange, deep compulsion.
"I have something to admit," I finally say, starting to tremble as my eyes lock with Shibs in the
mirror. He's sitting on the bed behind me, watching as the emotions begin to dance across my face.
"What's up?" Shibs finally offers when he realizes that something is actually wrong.
"I… I don't know how to say this," I stammer, "but I think I want to fuck these magical
dinosaurs. Is there something wrong with me? Am I gay?"
There is a moment of silence between us and, during this time, I'm overwhelmed with vicious
nightmares that feature every possible outcome of this revelation. I imagine my friend leaving without
a word and never speaking to me again, furious that his bud has become some horrible dinosexual
monster.
Instead, Shibs stands up from the bed and then slowly walks over to me. He opens his arms
wide and wraps me tightly within them, pulling me close in a warm embrace of unconditional
friendship.
"Whatever man," says Shibs, "you'll always be my bud."
"You mean that?" I question, the tears of joy welling up in my eyes.
"Of course, bro," replies Shibs. "Now get out there and get your butt pounded by those magical
dinos."
I thank him for his understanding and wipe the tears from my eyes, realizing now that I'm on the
verge of being late. Without another thought, I grab my ticket from the nearby table and run out the
door, my heart pounding hard within my chest.
Minutes later, I'm crossing through the hotel lobby and hailing a cab, throwing open the door
and jumping into the back seat. "To the Pinn And Tucker Theater," I tell the driver.
The man glances at me in his rearview mirror, but doesn't pull away from the curb. "You sure
about that?" the man questions.
"Uh, yeah," I confirm, "and I'm a little late already, so let's get out of here quick."
"The theater's closed tonight," my driver informs me, "I do that route a lot and I can promise
you that they are dark on Thursdays."
"What?" I question, suddenly feeling like a deflated balloon. Of course this whole thing was too
good to be true.
"Let me see your ticket," offers the driver.
I pull the card out of my pocket and hand it to men, watching as his eyes light up with a knowing
expression. He hands the ticket back to me.
"Nevermind," my driver says with a smile, "looks like you're in for a treat tonight."
We pull out into the brilliant Las Vegas evening, lightings flicking above us and tourists
stumbling this way and that across the sidewalks. It's a lot to take in but, to be honest, I've tuned out
most of the Sin City festivities at this point, looking inward instead.
What is going on here? What did my driver know that I didn't?
I pull out my ticket and look it over, noticing nothing out of the ordinary in its glossy black
design. The time and date are definitely printed correctly.
Eventually, we arrive at the Pinn And Tucker Theater. I climb out of my cab and tip the driver
generously, who then cruises away with a knowing smile.
It suddenly strikes me that this might not even be the right place. Despite the fact that the
marquee in front clearly has Pinn and Tucker emblazoned in massive red letters, there is not a single
other person around.
I walk up to the front door of the theater and am utterly shocked to find a ticket taker there to
greet me.
"Hello, and welcome to the Pinn And Tucker Theater," she says warmly.
I hand her my ticket and the woman tears off the stub, giving the rest back to me.
"I'm sorry, but what is going on?" I finally ask.
"You're at the VIP show," explains the woman.
"Is anyone else here?" I question.
The ticket taker shakes her head. "Nope, just you. Head on in, the performance is about to start."
I do as I'm told, crossing through the lobby and then opening up the large double doors to the
theater's main floor. The room is absolutely massive, stretching out before me with rows and rows of
velvety red seats, not a single one of them taken. The lights are up and from somewhere behind the
stage's curtain soft jazz emanates.
Not knowing what else to do, I silently make my way down the isle and take a seat front and
center, a perfect view of the stage before me. As if waiting for my cue, the house lights immediately
dim and the curtain slides open, allowing for the two dinosaur magicians to step forth and introduce
themselves.
"Hi, I'm Pinn and this is my partner Tucker," the large T-rex begins, his loud voice booming out
across the vacant expanse of theater before him. "We're honored to be here tonight, presenting you
with some illusions that are designed to shock and amaze. You know, I speak for both Tucker and
myself when I say that the best magic touches you deep down inside, living in a place of wonder that
many of us tend to forget about while going about our daily lives. With your permission, we'd like to
touch you there tonight."
A strange silence befalls the room and I suddenly realize that a spotlight has been trained onto
me from above, illuminating my face in a beautiful, serene glow. "Um… yes," I finally respond. "That
sounds good."
The spotlight turns off.
"Great!" replies Pinn, clapping his claws together loudly. "For our first trick, we are going to
stimulate that sensation in an audience member, selected at random." The dinosaur places his claw
above his eyes and scans the entire room before eventually selecting me. "You there," Pinn says with
a grin, "what's your name?"
"Larb," I tell him.
"Good," Pinn replies, "is there anything in your butt right now, Larb?"
I'm completely taken off guard by his question, but eventually manage to shake my head.
"Are you sure about that?" the T-rex magician continues.
"Pretty sure," I confirm.
Suddenly, I can feel an intense pressure against the rim of my asshole, teasing the edge
momentarily and then suddenly sliding deep inside of me. I let out a loud yelp, jumping slighting in my
chair as I struggle to readjust to the strange sensation.
"Oh my fuck," I cry, grabbing onto the seats in front of me and bracing myself against this
incredible fullness. Never before have I experienced anything even remotely similar to this, but as the
pressure and tension finally reached the depths of my ass, I can't help but find myself incredibly
aroused.
"You now have a magic dinosaur dick inside of you," Pinn informs me.
"I love it," I groan, my voice echoing out across the room.
The magic dick presses gently against my prostate, causing a sharp chill of orgasmic sensation
to pulse across my body. I am completely maxed out, overwhelmed from the inside out.
Second later, the pressure releases within, disappearing into the ether from which it came. I fall
back into my chair, completely exhausted yet craving more.
"That was amazing," I tell the dinosaur duo.
"And we've only just begun," announces Pinn. "For our next trick we are going to need a
volunteer from the audience. I must warn you, however, that this is a very intense bit of magic. We are
going to make our cocks disappear within your butthole."
Immediately, my hand shoots up into the air.
"Come on up, Larb," the handsome T-rex says, beckoning me onto the stage.
I stand slowly, realizing now just how nervous I truly am. My body is quaking with both anxiety
and unbridled desire for these hunky reptiles. However, with every step that I make towards the bright
lights of the stage, I find myself even more taken by one sensation that completely overwhelms the
rest, desire.
Soon enough, I find myself standing with these muscular dinosaurs before the empty theater, my
heart nearly pounding out of my chest.
The curtains behind us finally open up all of the way to reveal a large black mat, perfectly
square and with just enough give to make it comfortable.
"Are you ready for the trick to begin?" Pinn inquires, taking my hand in his large claw and
leading me over to the middle of the stage.
I start to say yes but then stop myself, too consumed by gay attraction to be passive in this
situation. "Are you ready?" I finally respond.
This is it, it's now or never.
Suddenly, I drop down to my knees between the two dinosaurs, frantically trying out get at their
enormous Jurassic rods. The prehistoric beasts have removed their shafts from the cloth prisons of
their suits, pushing them towards my face from either angle.
I take one in each hand, beating them off furiously.
"You like that?" I ask, frantically stroking the dinosaurs.
Tucker remains silent, staying in character the whole time, while Pinn lets out a long, deep
moan. The T-rex begins to pump his hips along with the movement of my hand, pushing faster and
faster to match the rhythm of my strokes.
Finally, I just can't take it anymore, opening wide and swallowing the T-rex's ancient shaft
down into my throat. I pump my across his length with skillful enthusiasm, taking a break from beating
off Tucker to cradle Pinn's hanging green balls.
After pulsing across Pinn's rod for a while I finally push down as far as I can, my lips drifting
lower and lower until finally the dinosaur's enormous shaft is fully consumed in an incredible deep
throat. My face is now pressed hard against Pinn's incredible scaly abs, but I somehow manage to
glance up at him and provide a playful wink.
"Fuck yeah," the T-rex groans, placing his claws against the back of my head until finally I just
can't take it any more and pull away with a gasp.
"Now it's your turn," I tell the silent raptor next to me. I grab Tucker's substantial member and
swallow it in turn, taking his entire length down to the hilt.
Never could I have imagined that I would one day find myself in this situation, furiously sucking
off two of the greatest dinosaur magicians on earth and loving every second of it. I'm hard as a rock,
aching to be touched but, surprisingly, aching even more to be pounded up the asshole.
I remove the raptor cock from my mouth and fall forward onto my hands and knees, glancing
back at the magicians with a fire in my eyes.
"Do it!" I demand. "Show me that fucking trick and make those dinosaur dicks disappear in my
butthole!"
Pinn saunters up behind me and crouches down, aligning his cock with the puckered entrance of
my back door. "Patience," the T-rex says, "you can't rush the magic, Larb. How about just one for
now?"
"Yes please," I beg, "I need your fat prehistory rod up inside of me."
I can feel the head of his dick teasing my entrance, hovering right at the edge until suddenly the
massive reptilian beast is pushing forward, impaling me across his incredible shaft. I let out a loud
yelp, my body struggling to accommodate his enormous dinosaur size while I brace myself on the mat
below me.
Soon enough, Pinn is riding me with a series of firm, powerful thrusts, slowly at first and then
eventually gaining speed as my body becomes accustomed to his girth. Eventually, any pain or
discomfort has completely fallen away, replaced by a warm, throbbing pleasure that shakes me to my
very foundation.
I open my mouth to scream, the blissful sensations having nowhere else to go but out through my
throat, when suddenly the sound is cut of by the fleshy thickness of Tucker's rod. The raptor has
positioned himself in front of me, kneeling down and shoving his giant cock into my mouth.
Now I'm being plowed at either end but these incredible prehistoric beasts, skewered like a gay
shishkabob between two hunky reptiles as they use my holes. When one of them pushes forward, the
other pulls back, using the inertia from one another to pummel me more furiously than one of them
ever could on their own.
The sensation of being used by these creatures has gotten my dick as hard as a rock, and I reach
down between my legs to grab ahold of my own aching manhood. I begin to stroke myself off, pulsing
my tight fingers faster and faster along my length and moving with the speed of their dinosaur slams.
Soon enough, the first hints of orgasm begin to blossom deep within my loins, growing more and more
powerful with each passing second until I am absolutely quaking with ecstasy and ready to explode.
I'm just about ready to cum when suddenly Pinn pulls out of my asshole, breaking my
concentration as my rectum snaps shut once more. I let Tucker's cock fall from my lips and then
glance back at Pinn in frustration, "I was almost there."
"The trick's not over yet," the T-rex tells me with a grin, slapping my ass playfully with his
claw and then laying down on the mat next to me. "In fact, it hasn't even started yet!"
The handsome dinosaur beckons for me to climb up onto him and I follow his instructions,
throwing my legs around his muscular green body and then reaching down to align his shaft with my
blown out asshole. I quickly find the spot and then lower myself, letting out a long, aching groan as
the beast impales me.
Pinn grabs my waist with his claws and helps to guide me in a series of slow, deliberate
swoops that cause his cock to tickle my prostate in just the right way. The sensation is incredible, and
it's not long before I find that same orgasmic sensation bubbling up inside of me once again.
"Oh fuck, that feels so good," I start to mumble, my eyes rolling back into my head. "You feel so
good in my ass, you feel so fucking good in my ass!"
Faster and faster I ride, pumping myself against the massive retile with everything that I've got.
"And for our next trick!" the T-rex announces below me, "we will make two cocks disappear
within Larb's tight gay asshole. As you can see, one of our rods has already vanished completely, and
with a little help from my partner Tucker, you are sure to be astounded."
I glance back over my shoulder and see that the raptor is now approaching us, his thick dick
hard and at the ready. I'm equally terrified and aroused, not sure if I can handle both of their massive
members at once but willing and ready to give it my best shot.
Second later, I can feel the head of Tucker's rod pressing hard against the tightness of my rear,
trying desperately to find a way in to this incredibly tight and already filled hole.
"Abracadabra!" Pinn shouts, and suddenly Tucker plunges forward, my anal passageway
somehow relaxing just enough to accommodate both of their massive dinosaur cocks at the same time.
The creatures waste no time getting to work within my stretched hole, slamming up my ass like
dual piston of scaly green dick. I'm honestly shocked at how incredibly pleasant it feels, their
movements somehow complimenting each other perfectly inside the snugly contained walls of my
flesh. I grip hard to the T-rex below me, holding on for dear life as their dicks pummel me like
jackhammers, slamming my prostate in a rapid-fire torrent of cock that has me spasming wildly.
I reach down for a second time and begin to beat off my cock with an unprecedented fury,
yearning to explode and getting there swiftly. I throw my head back and let out a guttural howl, my
entire body flooded with blissful intensity.
Suddenly, rope after rope of hot, sticky jizz erupts from the head of my shaft and splatters across
the muscular body of the dinosaur below me, covering him in a milky display of pearl spunk.
Now the dinosaurs are cumming as well, the two of them holding deep within me and letting
loose with simultaneous payloads that fill my rectum to the brim. The jizz keeps coming and coming,
though, and it's no surprise when it finally spills over, squirting out from the tightly packed rim of my
butt and running down my legs in thick streaks.
After everyone has completely finished with their powerful orgasms, the three of us collapse
into a pile in the middle of the stage.
"That was amazing," I moan, "I never knew magic could be so… hot."
The dinosaurs pull out of me gently, spilling cum everywhere, and then stand up and take a bow
to the non-existent audience. The curtain drifts closed and Pinn walks over to help me up, extending a
friendly claw.
"You did fantastic," the dinosaur offers, "I mean really, really great."
"Oh thank you," I tell him with a nod.
Tucker approaches from somewhere off in the wings and hands me a large towel so that I can
clean myself up.
"That was an audition," Pinn informs me.
Immediately, I stop what I'm doing, completely taken off guard by this unexpected revelation.
"Seriously?" I ask.
"Seriously," the T-rex explains. "We're looking for a new assistant, someone that can help us
make dicks disappear in front of a crowd five nights a week."
"I don't even know what to say," I stammer, blushing a bit.
"Say you'll join us," urges Pinn.
I don't even think twice. "Of course I'll do it," I tell the handsome dinosaur magicians, "but
how about another run through, first?"