People like to say that you never get used to war, but when you've experienced as many of them as I
have, things can get a little stale.
After the billionaire butt battle of nineteen-fourteen, the space bigfoot apocalypse of three-
thousand-sixty and the great unicorn conflict, both one and two, I've seen my share of death and
destruction at the hands of Dr. Tingle. This, however, is also the precise thing that gives me hope.
Unlike many of the other characters who exist in the Tingleverse, I've retained my memory
throughout every recent story, learning more and more as I go about this strange, gay existence as a
fictional character.
As the thought of my existence, or lack thereof, enters my brain, a cold chill runs down the
length of my spine. Battle may be something that I've grown used to, but the knowledge of my own
nature as a source of literary, erotic entertainment has not.
By the time you read this I will have been the star of twenty-three stories by Chuck Tingle that I
can remember, some of which haven't even been written yet, and a side character in countless more.
Sometimes I'm not even written about, just lingering in the background while a man boards a living
biker train, or I'm serving on the jury in the case of a sexy bigfoot lawyer who is also a doctor, or
eating at a handsome diner while the leading man runs in and out of the building, fucking its various
orifices. I have done all of these things, sometimes returning later on to play multiple characters in the
same story.
I've been pounded by myself.
Sometimes I wonder how many other characters are aware that they are repeating endlessly in
the Tingleverse, how many of us there are in here floating around as an endless loop of hard abs and
cute butts.
I know for a fact that other's have realized their existence as fictional characters, but this
usually happens at the end of the story where there is little time to actually do anything about it.
This is where I have the upper hand. We're less than four hundred words in and I'm already
completely aware that I'm nothing but a figment of Dr. Tingle's imagination, a surrealist fantasy
existing between lines of black text on white pages. The question now is to figure out how to get out
of here.
Is it possible for me to leave the realm of fiction and escape into the real world, a place outside
of this endless Tingleverse bubble where men and women interact without immediately falling in love
and pounding each other's asses? Is there really a place where dinosaurs, unicorns and bigfeet are no
longer performing surgeries or flying living jet planes?
This particular story has found in me a fantasy setting, a place of heroic knights and powerful
wizards, of swords and spells. I stand atop a castle turret looking out across the beautiful rolling hills
before me, a long river snaking through the trees that dot this elegant vista, breathing deep as the sun
sets on the evening before a massive battle between man and book.
For years, these kingdom's have been ruled but a fearsome tyrant, a living book by the name of
"Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My
Own Butt."'" This is a formidable piece of writing, a story that gained sentience long ago and
eventually attained it's own knowledge of the Tingleverse, as well. His awareness has given the book
a magical prowess unlike any other wizard of the realm, able to break through the fourth wall at any
moment, revising battles as he sees fit. Some have even told tales of this living book reaching out
through the screen of the author and closing entire documents before they we're saved, destroying an
entire literary universe before it started.
Of course, this could all be the stuff of legends, an old wives' tale used to scare weary travelers
around the campfire.
Then again, stranger things have happened. As a man with a knowledge of the Tingleverse, I
know all too well what Chuck is capable of.
This is why I need help, why this battle is so important and why this very short story before you
could change the entire Tingleverse forever.
"Do not worry, my lord," a voice sounds out from the growing shadows behind me. "You shall
be victorious when the morning comes, I have no doubt."
I turn around and find Gogo, my finest captain, as he stands at attention behind me. The warrior
is only in his early twenties, but wise beyond his years.
"I know," I tell him with a smile, reaching out and putting my hand on the captian's shoulder.
"I do not fear the magic of ‘Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My
Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt,'"' Gogo offers. "He is a powerful wizard, but you are a
powerful knight. When your sword meets the soft white pages of his midsection, his spells will be
meaningless."
"I wouldn't be so sure," I respond with a half smile, "but I appreciate the thought."
Gogo nods. "I just wanted to come up here and inform you that all of the men are prepared and
now rest, they will be ready when the enemy arrives at dawn."
"Thank you," I tell my captain, turning back around to stare out over the darkening landscape
once more.
There is a moment of silence between us, no other sound but the wind as it whips through these
upper turrets and shakes the flags nearby. The sun is halfway finished with its descent below the crest
of the far mountains, causing the sky to bloom in an utterly breathtaking pallet of purples, yellows and
oranges.
"Lord Gibbok," Gogo begins, "if I may ask, why are you still up here? Do you plan on any rest
before the battle?"
I nod, my eyes still glued to the blossoming sunset before me. "I'll rest soon enough," I inform
him, "but first there is one last thing that I must do. Prepare my steed."
"My lord?" is all that Gogo can ask, utterly confused.
"Please do as I say," I tell him.
"Yes," Gogo finally affirms, "right away." The captain immediately spins and heads back into
the castle, down the hundreds of stairs to the stables below where my trusty steed, Butt Beauty,
awaits.
The cool night air flickers across my face as Butt Beauty and I gallop along the long curves of
road that slice over this majestic land. We take the main lane for a few miles and then curve off to the
right, heading through the ever-thickening forest as more and more trees begin to spring up on either
side.
Gogo is right, with time running down before battle it's imperative that I get as much rest as
possible. What he doesn't know, however, is that I'm in the unique position to understand that none of
this really matters.
The battle is important, sure, but even more important is the fact that I've found myself with the
knowledge that I'm a fictional character (at the beginning of a Dr. Tingle short story, instead of the
end), and this knowledge is something that I need to capitalize on before the living book wizard does
it first.
Of course, regardless of where I ride on this horse, me and my steed will still be trapped in
letters across a page. I could circle the globe and still be no closer to reaching my goal of trading
fiction for reality. I want to leave the Tingleverse, and there is only one person who could possible
make that happen.
As I've learned in previous attempts at communicating with the writer, it's quite easy to be
direct and simply think these words onto the page, where he will then type them out for the readers to
experience, just like this. Unfortunately, this method can result in a one-way street of communication,
and also a very confusing read. While Chuck can type his messages to me in response, the only way I
get to see them is if they end up in the final published story so you'll have no idea what was edited
out here.
Frustrating, right?
However, one thing that I've learned about the Tingleverse is that Chuck is always hidden
somewhere within, a character in his own story. Most of the time Chuck stays far away from the
action, a background player who is never called out by name, but always there lurking.
This story is no different, until now.
I suddenly pull back on the reigns and Butt Beauty rears upright, neighing out loudly across the
forest. We've entered a clearing of tall, green grass, thick and lush as it sways in the soft wind. At the
edge of the clearing is a small wooden shack, out of which a small trail of smoke wafts up from the
chimney. A fireplace flickers out dancing light from inside.
We trot over and I hop down off of my trusty steed, tying Butt Beauty to a post outside.
"Hello?" I call out, stepping up to the front door and rapping twice. "Chuck, are you in there?
It's your character, Lord Gibbok."
There is some shuffling around from inside, but eventually the door opens to reveal the smiling
face of a middle aged man in a Tai Kwon Do uniform, a martial art that I am familiar with thanks to
my time spent in an erotic ninja story.
"Can I help you?" Chuck asks. "You know you're not supposed to be out here, you're messing
up the story."
"I know," I admit, "I'm terribly sorry, Chuck, it's just…" I trail off.
"You have a few questions," the author interjects, a statement more than a question.
"How did you know?" I ask.
Chuck smiles knowingly. "Because I wrote it," he says. The author steps back and opens the
door of his small cottage all the way now, beckoning me inside.
The cottage is quaint and inviting, a large fireplace roaring in one corner while the rest of the
walls are lined floor to ceiling with books. As I inspect the bookshelf closer I realize that all of these
books are Dr. Tingle stories, including some of my own.
"My Billionaire Triceratops Craves Gay Ass," I read aloud. "I remember that one, I was a
waiter."
"You we're also the triceratops," Chuck informs me.
"Really?" I question, a little shocked. "I don't remember that."
"That's because it hasn't happened yet," the author says, "time is fluid in the Tingleverse, no
book comes before or after the other."
"Fascinating," is all that I can say in return.
Chuck waves me towards a chair. "Sit."
I do as I'm told, and moments later Chuck takes his place in the seat across from me, the roaring
fire continuing on between us.
"I suppose you know why I'm here," I start.
Chuck nods. "I know exactly why you're here, I'm writing this."
"Then let's cut to the chase," I offer. "I want to get out of the Tingleverse, I want to be a real
man."
Chuck nods, surprisingly understanding of my situation. "That makes sense."
"I mean, I don't think it's fair, or ethical, for you to have me going through all of these books and
then just dying when they're over." I continue. "I didn't even ask to be created in the first place."
"Well, first of all," counters Chuck. "You can't die, because you're not alive."
I consider this, but it makes me feel even worse.
"How do I get out of this?" I beg to know.
"And become something outside of a book?" Chuck clarifies.
I nod.
"I don't know," Chuck tells me, "I don't think it's possible. At least, not the way that you want
it."
"You can't just type ‘And then he became a real man?'" I ask.
Chuck shakes his head. "Those are just words, me telling you that you're allowed to leap off of
the page won't make it happen. On the page, I can do whatever I want, but off of the page is a
different story entirely."
"It's just not fair!" I yell, losing my temper a bit.
"I'll tell you what's not fair," Chuck interjects, "hijacking a story that these readers paid good
money for, just so that you could come in here and scream at me about what you deserve as a
character. Do you realize how lucky you are to even have this awareness? Do you realize how rare it
is for an author to get this meta?"
I take in a long breath and let it out, trying to calm myself down. I look back at the words behind
me, the way they've started to stretch on and on and realizing now that I'm running out of time. This is
a short story, not a novel.
"Is there anything you can do?" I beg. "Anything?"
Chuck thinks about this a moment. "Well, you're always going to be fictional, but I suppose
there might be a way to get you out of this book."
"Really?" I gush, desperately trying not to lose my cool.
The author nods. "There's this thing called Twitter, do you know it?"
I nod, remembering the website from a few of my other roles as an office worker.
"Well, on Twitter you can interact with people from the real world, but you can still be
fictional," Chuck explains.
"I'm not sure that I follow," I admit.
"I could go out into the real world and start a Twitter for you," Chuck explains, "then you
wouldn't just be a character in a book, you'll be part of reality."
"Will I escape from the Tingleverse?" I question.
Chuck shrugs. "What do you think? Regardless, it's the only shot that you've got so you might as
well take it."
"Alright!" I should excitedly, jumping up out of my chair.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," Chuck says, waving me down once more. "Not so fast, this is still a story
that people are busy reading. Before I even think of starting a Twitter for you, you're gonna have to
finish up this book. The people want to be entertained, not just yammered at about the nature of reality
for pages and pages."
"You want me to fight the battle?" I question.
Chuck nods. "I'll tell you what," offers the author. "You win tomorrow's battle and I'll make
you a Twitter account. If you lose, forget about it."
"But why?" I stammer.
"Conflict," Chuck explains. "It's gotta be entertaining, you know? The readers need stakes."
I let out a long sigh. "Alright."
I stand up and begin to head for the door but the author stops me.
"Oh, and one more thing," Chuck says. "Don't forget to find a reason to pound each other's
butts, this is erotica after all."
That night, I have a strange and powerful dream.
Suddenly, my eyes burst open, the hammering of battle drums suddenly erupting all around me.
My men along the wall of the castle must have spotted the wizard's armies approaching, then sounded
the alarms.
I sit up, already clad in my heavy plate mail armor with my sword at my side.
"Lord Gibbok," Gobo says, bursting into my quarters. "Pounded In The Butt By My Book
‘Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt"' has arrived with his
army."
"Tell the archers to hold their fire," I announce, rushing past my captain and out the door. I don't
even head over to the castle turrets and look out at the army below, instead running immediately to the
nearby staircase and descending as quickly as I can.
When I reach the bottom, I sprint as fast as I can to the front gates of the castle. They are sealed,
locked, and ready for battle, towering over me by at least fifty feet.
"Open up!" I shout.
"But my lord," says one of the gate keepers, "what about the battle? We much keep the castle
secure at all costs."
"Open up!" I repeat. "A plan has come to me in a dream. I will speak with the living book face-
to-face."
The gatekeeper eyes me skeptically. "You sure about that, sir?"
"Do it," I command.
Seconds later, there is a loud clang as the internal locks of these massive double doors spring
open loudly. I watch as the huge wooden gates creak open, my heart pounding hard within my chest in
perfect time with the hammering war drums above.
As my view grows less and less obscured, I find myself looking out across a surrealist erotic
army unlike anything I have ever seen. Billionaire jet planes fly overhead while armed bigfeet ride
muscular dinosaur lawyer steeds, many of whom carry swords themselves. An entire swarm of
disembodied, floating butts swarm through the air with an oppressive menace.
And, of course, leading them all is a particularly handsome edition of Pounded In The Butt By
My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt.'" The short
story looks absolutely ravishing, a perfect specimen of bound words that immediately takes my breath
away on sight.
"What is this?" the books shouts at my arrival. "There is a battle to be fought!"
Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By
My Own Butt'" raises a hand to halt the onslaught of overtly sexualized warriors behind him.
"I come to make an offering!" I announce.
"Ha!" the book laughs, skeptically. "A trick from a trickster, nothing more."
I shake my head. "Not this time."
"What could you possibly offer? My kingdom is far greater than yours," retorts the book.
"Chuck has written it, so it is the way of men!"
"Yes, Chuck has written you to value this battle highly, but there is one think that you are
designed to value more," I counter. I reach down slowly, seductively, and take hold at the bottom of
my plate mail armor, then lift it up over my head.
Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By
My Own Butt'" watches with rapt attention, a hunger in his eyes that is just as ferocious as I expected
it to be. There are not many consistent rules here in the Tingleverse, but you can always count on the
ultimate value of a hard anal pounding.
"If I let you slam this tight butthole, will you declare us the winner of the battle?" I coo,
stepping forward across the drawbridge with erotic grace.
The book appears to be conflicted, trying not to agree to these ridiculous terms despite his best
efforts until, finally, he just can't contain himself any longer. The book nods. "I agree," says the
sentient work of fiction, "damn it, I agree."
The next think I know, Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book
‘Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt'" is running forward, meeting me halfway across the draw
bridge in a passionate embrace. We kiss furiously, our bodies pressed together as an ever-hardening
cock begins to grow at the base of the written wizard's cover.
I reach down and take his rod in my hand, stroking the book off gently while each of our
opposing armies look on with rapt attention. The book lets out a long and satisfied groan, clearly
pleased with our deal.
"You like that?" I ask, pumping my hand across the length of his cock faster and faster with
every stroke. "You like the way it feels with I beat you off like the dirty old book that you are?"
"Yes," Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The
Butt By My Own Butt'" tells me.
Overwhelmed with desire, I drop to my knees before him and take the living object's dick
between my lips, savoring the salty taste of his papery shaft. He is absolutely enormous; sporting a
formidable member that takes every bit of effort I can muster just to fit my lips around.
Somehow I manage, however, and quickly begin to pump my head up and down across his
length. I use my hand to cradle to book's balls, egging him on while I work my magic, appreciating
every moan and groan that he makes above me. Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The
Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt's'" abs clenched tight, his body bracing
against the surges of pleasure.
Moments later, I push down as far as I can, taking the book's entire cock deep within my hungry
throat. I relax enough to allow his length past my gag reflex, the shaft finally coming to rest at the hilt
while my face presses hard against the book's muscular cover.
I look up at him with cock drunk eyes and wink playfully, a small gesture that puts Pounded In
The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt'"
over the edge completely.
"I want your ass," demands the powerful wizard, "and I want it now."
The book pulls himself from my mouth and I turn around, falling forward onto my hands and
knees and then popping my rump out towards him. I wiggle it playfully, reaching back with one hand
and undoing my belt, then pulling my pants down just enough over the curve of my ass to reveal my
tightly puckered butthole.
"Do it," I say, "pound the fuck out of my self aware gay warrior ass!"
The book doesn't need to be told twice, immediately crouching down behind me and aligning
his shaft with my waiting butt. I can feel him teasing the rim, pushing against me gently at first and
then eventually plunging inward with a single, powerful swoop.
"Oh fuck," I yelp, bracing myself against his weight on the drawbridge below.
The book wastes no time pumping in and out of me, plowing my asshole with a series of rapid-
fire thrusts that send shockwaves of both sensuality and discomfort through my body. Over time,
however, the discomfort begins to slip away, drifting farther and farther from my consciousness until
eventually it has been replaced entirely by a strange, aching pleasure. I reach down and grab ahold of
my dick, jerking myself off in time with the movements of this handsome wizard book.
Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By
My Own Butt'" is a veteran of the Tingleverse, a never-ending erotic Russian nesting doll that knows
just how to pound me, hitting my prostate perfectly from deep within.
"Oh fuck," I start to moan, "Oh fuck, oh fuck!"
I can feel the first surges of orgasm blossoming within me, pulsing like waves through my body
with every trust from behind. Each wave grows larger and larger until eventually my entire body is
quaking with pleasure, my muscles spasming in a way that is completely outside of my control.
Before I can finish, however, the book pulls out of me and grabs me around the waist, flipping
me over so that I now lay on by back, staring up at the gorgeous, muscular book before me.
"Not just yet," he says, then thrusts back into my ass once again.
Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By
My Own Butt'" picks up right where he left off, reaming my asshole with the type of ferocity that only
a sentient erotica short can muster. I hold my toned legs back for him, opening myself up as my rock
hard cock bounces in time with the living book's furious pounds.
Soon, I can feel the sensation of orgasm blossoming once again, this time entirely internal and
driven by the expertly performed massages against my prostate. I can see my dick twitching wildly,
preparing to unload in a unique and powerful ejection.
Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By
My Own Butt'" can tell that I'm very close, picking up speed until he is throttling my anus with
absolutely everything he's got. The book jackhammers away like this until I finally kick my legs out
straight, screaming at the top of my lungs and releasing a wild stream of pearly jizz ropes that blast
into the air as a majestic fountain of spunk.
I haven't experienced this much orgasmic pleasure since my last trip though the Tingleverse but,
unlike battle, you never really get used to it.
My living object lover suddenly pushes as deep as he can within my asshole and holds tight,
throwing his head back and unleashing a massive playload of cum directly up into my rectum. It's not
long before my asshole is completely full of his warm, creamy jizz, which has no other place to go
besides squirting out from the edges of my tightly packed rim.
When the intense feelings finally subside, I lean my head back against the bridge below and let
out a long sigh. I close my eyes, reveling in the sensation of Pounded In The Butt By My Book
"Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt'" pulling out of me. I can
feel his cum flooding from my asshole, covering the ground below us in a beautiful white mess.
When I open my eyes again I see the book standing over me, extending his hand downward in an
act of goodwill as he attempts to help me up. I reach out and grab hold, then smile warmly as I'm
lifted to my feet.
"A deal's a deal," the book says, and then turns to face the army that waits behind him. "We lose
everyone, a deal's a deal!" he shouts, "it's time to go home!"
The army turns almost immediately, without hesitation or disdain, and begins to march off in the
opposite direction.
"Thank you," I tell the book.
Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By
My Own Butt'" shrugs, looking back over his shoulder at me, "what can I say, I can't resist a good
pounding."
With that, the wizard begins to follow his assortment of erotic troops back across the hills from
which they came.
"Come in," calls the familiar voice of Dr. Chuck Tingle, beckoning me back into his cabin for
the second time.
I open the door and step inside, smiling as I see the man sitting exactly where he had been
previously, warm before the roaring fire.
"You won," the doctor says proudly, "very clever!"
"Well, you wrote it," I remind him.
Chuck nods. "So I did."
The author waves for me to take a seat across from him, but I decline. I know that this book is
ending soon and I'd rather not waste the words that it takes to describe me sitting. We have business
to attend to.
"Why am I still here?" I ask Chuck, bluntly.
The author laughs. "The story needs an ending! Of course you're still here."
"But shouldn't I be out on Twitter or something?" I question. "I feel exactly the same as I did
beforehand. I'm still stuck in the Tingleverse."
"You're out there," Chuck says with a nod. "You just don't know it."
I shake my head, confused. "What do you mean?"
"I mean you've been out in reality the whole time," Chuck explains, "you just haven't been
ready to hear about it."
"So, I'm a real person?" I question.
Chuck nods.
"Well, what's my name on Twitter then?" I stammer.
The author hesitates. "Chuck Tingle," he finally says.
At first, I'm not quite sure how to take this, suspicious that the author is messing with me. How
could both of us be Chuck Tingle?
"Remember when you mentioned being multiple characters in a single book?" the author
continues. "What if I told you that you were every character? Even me?"
The reality of his revelation suddenly hits me hard. I stagger back, almost collapsing onto the
floor before catching myself on the back wall. I'm at a loss for words, stammering mindlessly as my
brain attempts to catch up with my body.
"I know it's a lot to take in, but that's the great thing about being the writer, we can just make
you fine with it," Chuck explains.
Suddenly, I feel great, completely at ease with the fact that I've just learned my existence is and
endlessly repeating loop of homosexual erotica characters, including the author himself.
"I'm confused," I suddenly blurt. "Does that mean you're not real?"
Chuck smiles mischievously. "Just as real as everyone reading this."
"You mean?" I start.
Chuck nods. "The readers exist in the first layer of the Tingleverse, they simply aren't aware of
it. I mean, how long did it take you to realize that you were a character in an erotic short?"
I think about this for a moment. "I'm not sure," I admit.
"It's been eons," Chuck informs me. "Luckily, the readers are getting pretty close to realizing
they are characters in the Tingleverse, thanks to the fact that they've already discovered me. That's the
first step. The reader thinks, ‘this can't possibly be real', when my existence in reality is actually just
as sign that their universe is readjusting, not mine."
"But if the readers are part of the Tingleverse, then that means they're…" I trail off.
"Us," Chuck answers, bluntly. "That's correct."
I feel like I should be frightened by the galactic enormity of this revelation but, instead, I find
myself somehow comforted.
"So what now?" I question, "the loop just keeps going?"
"Oh no," Chuck says, shaking his head. "It has an ending, this is just another link in the chain to
get there. One day at a time, though, first thing I need to do is publish this story."
"What are you going to call it?" I question. "Isn't it going to be kind of hard to title, since you're
me and I'm you and we're also both the reader and they just don't fully understand it yet?"
Chuck shrugs. "It seems pretty simple to me, I'm calling it Pounded In The Butt By My Book
‘Pounded In The Butt By My Book "Pounded In The Butt By My Book ‘Pounded In The Butt By My
Own Butt.'"'"