I don't believe in miracles; nor luck, nor magic. I don't believe in anything that I can't see with my
own eyes or touch with my own skin, and it's been a long time since I have. Superstition is a plague.
Some people think that being skeptic is boring, but I'd like to think of myself as simply an
appreciator of reality. I don't need to live in a fantasy world when real life is so full of brilliance
and beauty.
Take, for example, this very moment.
I've been driving all night, desperately crossing the harsh Nevada desert towards Las Vegas for
my brothers wedding. It's not to long of a drive from Los Angeles, clocking in at a little under five
hours, but it can get grueling if you're forced to leave right after your shift ends at the gay bar where
you work.
I managed to pull out of West Hollywood at two in the morning, and now the sun is coming up in
front of me, bathing the glorious desert landscape with a beautiful wash of yellow and gold. It's
absolutely stunning and completely real.
It's weird how much this firm grip on reality means to me, considering the fact that my parents
and brother are so religious. But, in a lot of ways, I think that's probably the reason I turned out the
way that I did. It's not easy growing up in a Christian household as a flamboyantly gay child, and
although they all still claim to love me after I came out of the closet, it's clear they like my brother,
Jared, just the slightest bit more.
This is why I can't be late to the wedding, and why I can't stop glancing at the clock on my
dashboard as the minutes count endlessly upward. I need to prove that I'm not a complete mess out in
Los Angeles on my own, that I've got my shit together.
I'm driving as fast as I can, but by now I'm also too tired to focus and the whole thing really just
starts to make me uncomfortable. Speed and sleep rarely mix, and right now I'm flirting with
disaster. Still, I've gotta get there somehow.
"You'll make it." I say aloud to myself, looking off into the sunrise and trying to focus on the
natural beauty before me. This is reality, right here and now. I might be late and my parents and
brother will certainly look down on me for it, but the sun will still rise and the sun will still set.
I take a deep breath, in and out, trying desperately not to stress.
If it isn't already clear, I'm a recovering anger junkie. These days you'd never even know what
it used to be like, the way I would change into a complete asshole at the flip of a switch. It's
destroyed every relationship that I've ever had, but these days I'm feeling better about it. I think that I
might just be ready to find something meaningful again, maybe even love.
I've started to look inward, and it's working.
I take another deep breath, holding it longer this time before exhaling as the car roars down the
long stretch of highway.
"You're going to make it to your brothers wedding." I say to myself again. "Stay positive,
Mario."
For the briefest of moments I close my eyes, trying hard to mediate just a split second and
somehow recharge my batteries. Showing up to the wedding is the easy part, after all, but showing up
bright eyed and busy tailed was going to be difficult. I've only got two hours to spare.
Suddenly, the car lurches as I dip down off of the side of the road. My eyes by open and I
swerve wildly, my hands gripping tightly onto the steering wheel as I try desperately to self-correct.
I'm simply going way too fast.
The next thing I know, one of the tires has hit a massive triangular rock and my car is being
launched into the air, flipped one entire rotation as I scream bloody murder and hold on for dear life.
Fortunately, I'm wearing my seatbelt, and I remain inside the car as it barrel rolls across the
road without being tossed out through the glass windshield.
I'm fine, but the car itself is not so lucky. There is a loud snap as the vehicle lands and the axel
breaks in half, dropping the car onto the pavement below and immediately ripping the two front
wheels to shreds.
I skid to a stop amid a cloud of dust and debris, terribly shaken up but otherwise okay. Steam
rises up from under the hood of the vehicle and drifts away and I struggle to unbuckle my seatbelt. I
climb out from the drivers seat, staggering into the light of the rising Neveda sun.
"Fuck!" I exclaim aloud, immediately recognizing that my car may or may not be totaled.
Searing anger boils within me, but I remember to focus and somehow cool myself down into a quiet
simmer. "Just chill." I tell myself. "Just chill out, it's going to be okay."
I quickly realize that my insurance will cover this, even though it's entirely my fault, and at the
end of the day I'm not going to take much of a hit financially. Besides, the gay bar that I work as is
incredibly high end, and the tips that I make alone are double some folks salary. In other words, I'll
be fine.
The real problem, however, is that I'm only a few short hours away from proving to my family,
once and for all, that I'm not a complete fuck up. The car situation is not exactly helping my cause.
I let my gaze linger over the wreckage, reeling from the intense physical trauma that still lingers
within my body. My nerves are at full alert and my neck is killing me.
I look up and down the road, trying to see if I can spot any other rides headed my way, but there
is absolutely nothing but wide open desert. Trying to make good time, I took my best attempt at
finding an alternate route and somehow ended up on these back roads along the way. It's great for
avoiding traffic, but I could sure use a lift right about now and who knows when the next one is
coming.
With nothing left to do, I just start walking.
It's early enough in the morning that the desert heat hasn't yet started to beat down too harshly
but, with every step I take, the temperature seems to grow warmer and warmer.
By the time the car has disappeared behind me I'm drenched with sweat, yearning for someone,
anyone, to come driving by and save me with a generous ride, even if it's just to the nearest gas
station.
I've almost entirely given up hope when suddenly I notice a shiny silver object rising up over
the hill behind me. It's almost too far away to see, like a tiny glinting spec on the horizon line, but
from where I stand I can hear it barreling over the asphalt. It's a motorcycle.
Immediately I stop walking and begin to wave for the riders attention, hopping up and down as I
throw my arms wildly in the air on the side of the road. I'd been so busy hoping that someone would
drive by that I never even considered the fact that they probably won't stop for me, but I've got to try.
Fortunately though, as the vehicle draws closer it begins to slow until, eventually, the
motorcycle pulls up next to me and stops completely. It's only then that I realize the rider is a
beautiful, white unicorn, with a long flowing main and a glorious pearly horn jutting out from the top
of his head. The unicorn turns to me and nods in acknowledgement.
"Where are you headed?" The biker unicorn asks in a gruff voice.
"Vegas." I tell him, to desperate to be bothered by the fact that my savior is not human.
"Guess it's your lucky day." The unicorn says, his tail whipping back and forth in the air as it
hangs over the back seat of the bike. "I'm headed there, too. Unless that's your car back there, in
which case it's probably not your lucky day."
I shake my head. "Nope. I don't know what happened but the thing it totaled."
"I'd say you're probably right about that." The unicorn says, stopping the asphalt a bit with its
hoof. "Well, let's hit the road, huh? Climb on behind me."
I do as I'm told, deciding it's best not to tell this majestic creature that I don't believe in luck as
I walk over to the large motorcycle. I swing my leg around the back, then scoot up against the
unicorn.
"What's your name?" I ask. "I'm Mario."
"Kirk." The unicorn tells me, then neighs loudly as we take off down the road, the bike
rumbling powerfully between my legs.
The next thing I know, we're back on track, flying towards Vegas at full speed and without a
minute to spare. I wrap my arms around Kirk and hold on tight, noticing the pleasant warmth of his
body against mine. I had never seen a unicorn before in real life, and I find myself surprised by how
masculine his beauty is. Besides the slight pink shimmer of the creature's mane and horn, there is
nothing girly about this muscular beast. In fact, this particular unicorn is actually looking pretty
badass in his leather jacket, jeans and boots.
"You seem tense." I shout into the unicorn's ear over the loud rumbling of the motor beneath us.
"Why are you headed to Vegas?"
Kirk pauses for a moment before answering, choosing his words wisely. "I'm not so much
heading to Vegas. More like heading away from California."
"Oh shit." I offer. "What happened?"
"Bad breakup." The unicorn tells me. "Really bad."
We sit in silence for a moment, letting the sound of the wind rushing past fill our ears.
"Well, I don't really know you all that well." I offer. "But it sounds like she lost out on a pretty
good unicorn."
"He." The unicorn corrects me. "He lost out on a good guy."
"You're gay?" I ask, surprised. "Me too!"
"No shit?" Says the unicorn with a laugh. "I'm normally so good with that, I can always tell."
"Not this time." I smile. "I get that a lot though, my ex used to tell me that I acted too straight."
The unicorn nods, staring out across the road ahead of us. "Sounds like both of us have asshole
ex guys."
I pull tighter against the unicorn, feeling the beat of his massive heart against my body. He's an
incredible creature, so perfectly toned and strong. I have never before been attracted to anything
other than a human male, but being here on this bike with Kirk has, admittedly, opened my eyes to a
different kind of beauty. I can't help but feel a strange twinge of arousal deep within me, and I'm just
barely able to keep myself from growing and erection right here against the unicorn's back.
"So why are you going to Vegas?" The unicorn questions. "I wasn't going to ask, but now that
we're getting to know each other so well I figured you might as well tell me."
"Nothing too exciting." I say. "My brothers wedding."
"That sounds really exciting!" The unicorn protests. "It's your brother!"
"We're not exactly close." I explain.
Whenever I tell people about the fact that my brother and me don't get along, people always
respond with the same thing. ‘He's your brother, you'll figure it out.' Kirk, on the other hand, has
nothing to say other than, "I'm sorry to hear that."
It's not a dismissive version of the phrase, nor an empty one; for once I feel a sincere empathy
for my feelings on the matter. Kirk isn't trying to change me, he just wants to listen, and that alone is
much more than any man as ever really offered.
"You're pretty cool, you know that?" I say to the unicorn.
Kirk cracks a smile and nods to himself. "I suppose I'm alright."
His casual unicorn demeanor is so incredible to me, and suddenly, despite my best efforts, I find
myself getting turned on.
"Whoa." Kirk says with a laugh, sensing the hardening of my cock up against his back. "You
getting excited back there, buddy?"
"No." I protest, defensively.
"It sure doesn't feel like it." The unicorn prods with a laugh. "That feels like a big fucking
human cock pressed up against my back."
I don't say a word, completely embarrassed.
"You ever fucked a unicorn?" Kirk asks me suddenly.
I can immediately sense a change in his tone, a new direction in his unicorn mannerisms all the
way down to the way the he turns his large beastly head to speak to me.
"No, I can't say that I have." I explain. "You're the first one I've met."
Kirk nods. "Yep, there's not a lot of us out there, not a lot of gay one's either."
"I didn't even realize you existed." I confess.
Kirk scoffs. "Come on now, that's just rude."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry." I offer. "Anyway…"
The word drifts off behind us as we continue down the road, the tension between me and Kirk
the unicorn biker growing to incredible heights. There is something comforting about just being here
with him, as if I've suddenly been blessed with the assurance that everything will work out in the
end. He's a protector, a figure of power that radiates with support, companionship, and gay lust. My
body aches for him.
I find myself running my fingers through the unicorn's shimmering mane, unable to stop my
roving hands. "Do you believe in love at first sight?" I ask Kirk.
"I don't know." He tells me, "Why?"
I hesitate, not wanting to just lay all my cards out there on the table, but then I take the plunge.
"I feel something between us. I don't believe in miracles or anything like that, and I know it sounds
crazy but I think that I love you… I think that I want you. Right now."
"Right now?" Kirk confirms, slowing down the motorcycle. "Don't you have somewhere to
be?"
"I don't give a fuck." I tell him.
Almost immediately, Kirk pulls over onto the side of the road and climbs off of the motorcycle.
I step off with him, and then moments later we are meeting under the desert sun next to a giant, flat
boulder. Kirk and me embrace each other feverishly, our lips locked in a passionate kiss.
My heart rate elevated, my body trembling, I'm happy to finally release all of the powerful
tension that has been building up inside of me. I'm trembling with desire, wanting nothing more than
to take his massive, gay unicorn biker cock inside of my body. I want to pleasure him, to make him
understand the way that he makes me ache.
Without another set of eyes for miles on this empty stretch of desert highway, I quickly tear off
my shirt and watch gladly as Kirk does the same. His body is utterly incredible, perfect and muscular
in its majestic, beastly form. I touch him gently with my hands and then work my way down the
unicorn's toned, muscular chest.
Suddenly overwhelmed with passion, I drop to my knees and unbutton Kirk's pants, pulling them
down and letting his massive unicorn cock spring forth.
"Holy shit." I gasp. "Your dick is fucking enormous!"
The confident unicorn biker gives me a wink. "Think you can handle it?"
Instead of answering I decide to show him, opening wide and swallowing Kirk's shaft deep into
my hungry mouth. The gorgeous beast lets out a satisfied neigh, leaning back and lifting his head
skyward like a howling wolf of the desert.
I move up and down, letting Kirk's rod slip gracefully between my lips as I pleasure him. With
one hand I cradle his hanging balls, and with the other I reach up and take his hoof in mine, grasping
tightly.
"You're incredible." Kirk moans.
I push down farther and farther until hitting the edge of my gag reflex, which causes me to stop
abruptly. Kirk's size is just too much to take, and I struggle against his rod, retching as I push the
limits of my body. I simply can't take his size. Instead, I find myself stuck, and eventually I'm forced
to come up for air in a frantic gasp.
"Are you alright?" Kirk asks.
"Yes." I assure him. "I just need to do this, let me try."
"You don't need to do anything." He tells me. "You don't need to impress me."
I shake my head. "I need to do this, Kirk."
I center myself and then try again, this time relaxing my throat as much as possible as Kirk's
unicorn cock slides deeper and deeper into me. His length is incredible, and at first I retch a little as
it hits the back of my throat. Moments later, however, I somehow manage to relax enough that Kirk's
massive dick slides all the way inside. I proudly look up at him and give a playful wink, Kirk's shaft
entirely consumed as my lips press lightly up against his rock hard unicorn abs.
"Fuck." Is all that this amazing man can manage to get out, overwhelmed by my expert deep
throating skills. "That's incredible, Mario."
The sound of my own name sends a pleasant chill down my spine. This is all that I had ever
wanted. To find love when I least expected it, out here in the desert in a time of need. I was stranded
and alone, fighting for my life against the heat and the natural elements and then suddenly, with the
help of one gay biker unicorn, everything changed. Maybe miracles do happen, I think to myself,
maybe I was wrong all along.
Moments later, I find Kirk carefully pulling me up to my feet with his powerful unicorn teeth.
He kisses me deeply and then pushes me back against the flat rock next to us, where I lay happily as
the beautiful beast removes my jeans and tosses them to the side. My briefs come off next, and
suddenly I find myself completely exposed to the warm desert air.
Kirk leans down and immediately gets to work licking my hard cock, which sends all kinds of
incredible volts of pleasure throughout my body. I arch my back against the warm stone as Kirk
satisfies my senses, my hands finding their way around to the back of his head and pulling him even
tighter against me.
The creature certainly knows how to use his tongue, finding no trouble at all with quickly
bringing my body dangerously close to orgasm.
Eventually, Kirk starts to suck me off, taking my entire shaft easily into his large unicorn mouth.
He pumps his head up and down on my length, pleasuring me skillfully between his majestic lips. I
let out a long, satisfied moan, which seems to kick him into overdrive, pumping his head faster and
faster over my length.
I'm going to cum soon. The feeling builds within me in wave after blissful wave, every one of
them becoming more powerful than the last until finally I just can't take it anymore and I force myself
to push him back.
"I want to cum." I tell the unicorn. "But I want to do it with you inside of me."
Kirk smiles and pulls me down the boulder slightly so that my muscular gay ass is hanging right
off of the edge. Next, he aligns his rock hard shaft with my puckered butthole, his head teasing against
my entrance while I beg for him to push it in.
Kirk is much larger than any of the human cocks that I've ever taken anally, and I have to admit
that I'm slightly fearful of what his incredible size could do to my body, but I try my best to play it off
and be fearless. Still, the anxiety is there, but thanks to the loving nature of my new unicorn lover, it
becomes exciting and erotic, only adding to our playful and lusty encounter. I feel safe around Kirk,
free to be myself even if that means getting a little nervous.
I collect my wits, then reach down and spread my gay ass open for him.
"Fuck me!" I demand. "Fuck me with your giant unicorn cock!"
Kirk stops for a moment. "I want you to beg for it."
"Fuck." I start, reaching down and grabbing a hold of his large beastly body with one hand.
"Me." As I finish repeating the phrase, I pull Kirk forward and his mammoth cock disappears
completely inside of my asshole, stretching my tightness to the brink.
I let out a loud groan, not entirely prepared to take his substantial size within my butt.
As I look up at the beautiful sky above us, clouds drifting calmly across the open blue, I can't
think of any better moment to open my heart up than this. It's everything I ever dreamed it could be,
me and my unicorn lover locked in a passionate embrace that defies species or sexualities.
Kirk begins to pump in and out of my butt, slowly but firmly as I tremble from his skilled touch.
My legs are spread wide for him, held back as he slams into me at an ever-escalating speed. Soon
enough, Kirk is hammering into me with everything he's got, his hips pounding loudly against the side
of the boulder.
Once again, I can feel the profound sensation of an impending prostate orgasm blossoming deep
within. It grows quickly, spreading out across my body in a series of violent quakes until my entire
being is convulsing. There is too much pleasure locked up inside, bubbling over without any place
left to go.
I reach down and start to frantically beat off my own rock hard cock, rapidly pumping my hand
over it's length in time with the pounding of Kirk's powerful thrusts.
"Oh my god." I start to mumble. "Oh my god."
"I love you so much." Kirk the unicorn tells me, his eyes aflame with truth and passion. "I want
to be your biker unicorn lover forever!"
"I love you, too!" I tell him, my legs suddenly kicking out straight. "I'm cumming!"
Kirk doesn't let up for a second as the prostate orgasm surges through me like a lightning bolt,
pounding away at my muscular frame with his massive unicorn body. All of the tension from the last
few hours is suddenly released within me, exploding across every ounce of my being with blinding
love. Hot ropes of jizz explode from the end of my shaft, blasting out into the air and splattering
everywhere.
I let out a blood-curdling howl of pleasure that echos out across the desert landscape, cascading
across the hills and valleys until it bounces back to us. I'm outside of my body now, looking down at
myself as I writhe and spasm on the edge this flat desert boulder. Tears of joy are flowing down my
cheeks in beautiful glistening streaks, truly happy within my own skin.
I suddenly realize that Kirk is cumming as well, buckling forward as he ejects several pumps of
semen within my asshole. His eyes are clenched tight as he lets out a guttural neigh of his own,
throwing his head back and shutting his eyes in an expression of pure satisfaction.
The entire experience seems to defy time and space, stretching on and on for what feels like
forever until suddenly I'm thrown back into reality, lying in exhaustion with Kirk's large unicorn body
on top of me, breathing heavy.
"That was amazing." I whisper into his ear.
"No, you're amazing." He tells me.
"There's something I want you to do for me." I tell him. "Something important."
The biker unicorn nods. "Anything."
"Come to my brother's wedding with me."
The wedding goes beautifully, and is surprisingly classy for it's tongue-in-cheek Las Vegas
setting. I had expected a drive through chapel with an Elvis impersonator overseeing the ceremony,
but instead I was greeted by a beautiful venue in one of the nicest hotels on the strip.
My entire family was there, and when I pushed through the doors to greet them with plenty of
time to spare, their eyes lit up in surprise. Showing up on time to the wedding shouldn't mean that
much, but for me even being here at all went a huge way in showing that, even though I was gay, I
didn't have to be the black sheep of the family.
Not only that, but everyone loved Kirk. At first I was worried that they'd have a problem with
the fact that he rode motorcycles and came off as a bit of a rough and tumble guy, but he cleans up
nice. Nobody at the wedding had ever seen a unicorn before, either, and Kirk was nice enough to
answer questions and provide rides around the room during the reception.
I watch from afar as my father hoots and hollers, riding my new boyfriend around the banquet
hall as the rest of the wedding party looks on in amazement. My newlywed brother is standing next to
me and he puts his hand on my shoulders.
"You seem… really good." My brother, Jared, says. "Chilled out or something."
I laugh. "I think that I am."
"Thanks so much for being here." Jared tells me. "It means a lot."
"Don't mention it." I say, winking at Kirk as he passes by. "I wouldn't miss it for the world."