Out here in the west we have our own rules, and these rules are young. In fact, some of them are still
being written day by day as folks continue to expand into the wild frontier from their posh city life on
the East coast. Whether by wagon or train, they're coming, and with them comes a whole new era of
life in this great country that is America.
Their arrival is bittersweet, however.
When they finally get here, what will they know of the work that was spent turning this
landscape from the wild, wild west into a civilized place to dwell? Eventually, those who come out
to these deserts will find convenience at every turn and think nothing of it, assuming that it was
always this way. They will have no idea the blood sweat and tears that feel into the very dirt that they
walk upon, no concept of the toils and tribulations of generations past.
The heroes of the desert will be forgotten, but they work just as hard as ever for the greater
good.
I am one such hero, Billy Brucko. Cattle rustler by trade, I've worked these hills and valleys
since I was a young boy. Between here and the Mississippi I know every square inch of land; at least,
the inches that matter when herding cattle.
Being out on the range all alone gives you plenty of time to think, dwelling on regrets of the past
and cooking up dreams for the future. Because of this, I'm well aware of my place in history as the
wilds are tamed and the railways continue to push outward towards the Pacific Ocean. Nobody will
remember the name Billy Brucko. The history books will be full of sheriffs and outlaws, of which I
am neither, just an average man trying to earn a living in this world.
At least, that's what I thought. Until I received the most important assignment of my life and
everything changed.
"What do you have for me boss?" I ask, walking into the stables to greet my employer, Mr.
Velbot. It's an innocent enough question to ask, a conversation we've had countless times before.
Velbot smiles wide, happy to see me. "Billy! You're already back from your cattle run!"
"Just got home yesterday." I tell him.
The man, a large gent who has every right to be imposing but comes off as nothing but loveable,
steps towards me past the rows and rows of horses and shakes my hand firmly. "Well, I'm glad
you're back, I have something very important for you."
"Another herd?" I question, lifting my wide brimmed cowboy hat for a moment and wiping the
sweat from my brow. "Already?"
Velbot shakes his head and chuckles to himself a bit. "Nope, not another herd. It's actually a
little unusual."
"That's what I like to hear!" I tell him.
My usual job is to take hundreds of cows from one state to another, and I certainly do love it,
but every once and a while Velbot will trust me with some kind of high paying parcel delivery, which
is exactly what I was hoping for.
Velbot steps into his office, which is located directly off of the stable, and then returns
momentarily with a small wooden box. He hands it to me and I look down to see the presidential
seal.
"Whoa." I start. "What is this?"
"Don't know." Admits Velbot. "It's top secret. Came directly from The White House and was
transferred here. All I know is that I need someone who I trust to carry this thing the rest of the way
to California. Apparently, there is a young professor there who needs it, a man by the name of
Einstein."
I run my hand across the top of the wooden box, my fingers tracing the soft, burned in curves of
it's eagle seal.
"Well, I appreciate that." I tell Velbot.
"You understand that I trust you to get it there," the man continues, "but I also trust you to not
look inside."
"I wouldn't dream of it." I tell him, and I mean it. If there's one thing that I am, it's a man of my
word.
"The pay is two bricks of gold." Velbot tells me. "One up front and one when you get back."
My jaw nearly hits the stable floor. With that kind of money, I could buy a whole town using the
advance alone. I try to collect my senses but Velbot sees how much the mention of riches has knocked
me off of my game.
"I can trust you, can't it?" Velbot asks.
I nod, straightening up. "Yes, sir. You can count on me."
I make my exit from our small town of Eastwood in the early hours of the morning, already well
away from the comfort of my own bed by the time the sun begins its crest atop the nearby hills. It
casts the entire valley in a beautiful golden glow, the shadows of cacti stretching on and on for an
eternity around me.
My trusty steed, The Dangler, is happy and healthy, keeping a good pace that I trust will
continue during the days that follow.
It's not long into our journey that my thoughts begin to wander towards what exactly this
precious, boxed cargo could be. It seems odd that the president himself would send something so
valuable in such an inconspicuous way, but then again, maybe that's the whole point. It's entirely
possible that whatever is in this box holds so much significance, the president couldn't risk letting
anyone know about it, even his own men.
It's a lot of weight to put on the shoulders of just one lone cowboy, but I'm up for the job.
The rest of the day goes by without much event and by nightfall I've made camp. After a quick
bit of wood collecting, me and The Dangler have ourselves a well needed rest around the fire.
I've just about dosed off to sleep when I smell it, the faint scent of chocolate drifting through the
air around me. I sit up abruptly and look out into the darkness, realizing now that I've drifted off and
that my fire is nothing more than ambers that glitter gently, like dying red stars on the dusty ground.
"Hello?" I call out.
No response.
I listen close for any rustling out there in the black void that surrounds me, but hear nothing.
Eventually, I lie back down and drift off to sleep.
"Howdy partner." Comes a deep voice that tears me from my slumber.
I sit up and grab for my six-shooter, immediately realizing that it's not there.
"Looking for something?" Comes the voice again.
Slowly, I look up and see the barrel of my own weapon pointed straight down at me. Holding it
steady is a large glass of chocolate milk.
"Looks like you're outnumbered, buckaroo." The milk tells me with a devilish grin.
I glance around, seeing no one else but the single brown glass. "I'm not arguing because you're
the man with the gun, but it looks like it's just the two of us out here."
The tall milk glass rocks from side to side for a moment, sloshing around the liquid within until
finally a few blobs topple out over either rim. They twist and turn in the air, but as the milk drops hit
the ground they refuse to splatter, instead forming into undulating, vaguely humanoid shapes. These
shapes carry guns as well, and now the whole chocolate milk gang has their weapons pointed my
way.
"Alright, alight." I say, putting my hands up into the air. "You've got me. What do you want?"
"We're here for the box." Says the glass, who is clearly their leader. "And we wouldn't have
bothered waking you except for the fact that you're using it as a pillow."
I look back behind me and see the mysterious box. I reach for it and then freeze abruptly when
the glass yells for me to stop.
"Very slowly. Don't try anything funny." The glass says.
Suddenly, I'm too overwhelmed with curiosity to contain myself any longer, the desire to know
what could possibly be so valuable in this small parcel outweighing the desire to hold my tongue.
"What is it?" I ask.
The glass seems confused by my question. "Are you serious?"
"Absolutely." I confess.
"You don't know what's in the box?"
"Nope." I shake my head.
The glass and his chocolate milk buddies exchange glances with one another and then suddenly
bust up laughing, unable to contain themselves as they reel from this apparently hilarious admission.
"Well it looks like you'll never know." Says the glass. "Now hand it over nice and slow."
I do as I'm told, grasping the box with both hands and then carefully holding it out towards the
domineering beverage. "Take it." I say, "It's none of my business anyway."
The glass takes the box gently and then smiles. "Pleasure doing business with you."
I nod, and then immediately grab my gun out of the glasses' hands as fast as I can, twirling it on
my finger and firing two shots into his hard outer shell. Immediately, the villainous cowboy shatters
everywhere, the milk within him splashing out across the desert ground like a miniature tidal wave.
I try my best to fire at the other chocolate blobs that surround me, but they are too fast, and I
suddenly feel the stabs of hot led as bullets riddle my body. I collapse onto the ground, as do the milk
blobs, every one of us caught in the hail of bullets. Milk slowly creeps out across the ground, mixing
with my blood, and in my final moments I reach out and open the box, pulling forth a handwritten
letter from within.
I read aloud as my vision begins to blur, the life draining from my body. "Dear Einstein. Held
here is the most powerful weapon in our fight for peace on earth." The letter says. "Upon pressing
the button, the user will travel back in time ten minutes, finding themselves in a universe parallel to
this one. It is a place that we have come to know as the Tingleverse. Use with great caution, the
Tingleverse is a strange and erotic place, but if we can find a way to harness its power, we could
soon find true utopia. I invented it. Signed, President Borchantok."
In my last seconds, I slam my hand down hard onto the red button.
"Howdy partner." Comes a deep voice that tears me from my slumber.
I sit up immediately a grab for my gun, immediately realizing that it's not there.
"Looking for something?" Comes the voice again.
Immediately, I realize that I have been here before, and as I glance up I recognize the familiar
face of the handsome chocolate milk.
"Looks like you're outnumbered, buckaroo." The milk tells me for the second time.
Immediately, he does the same trick of sloshing around and forming a whole gang of milk blob
bandits. My mind, however, is elsewhere; and the glass can tell.
"Don't you care that you're being robbed?" The muscular beverage finally asks.
I look at him, staring deep into his soul and realizing suddenly that this version of events isn't
exactly the same, after all. Unlike the last encounter, this cup of chocolate milk has a certain twinkle
in his eye, a relaxed and suave nature that simply wasn't there the first time around. This universe is
the same but different; a little more flirty, a little more exciting… a little more gay.
"You don't want to take this box." I tell the tall glass of milk.
"Oh, I think I do." He says with a grin. "Now hand it over."
"Or you'll what?" I ask. "Shoot me?"
The chocolate milk just stares at me for a moment, trying to act tougher than he his. In the last
universe, this liquid gang had been made up of ruthless killers, but now they are just big softies with
soulful eyes.
"What's your name?" I ask the delicious dairy treat.
"Krawborsh." The glass tells me. "What about you?"
"Billy." I inform him. "You've got really nice eyes, Krawborsh."
The glass blushes slightly as I say this, something the chocolate milk in my original universe
would never do with real sincerity.
I suddenly realize that the changes between this and my previous life are much more than just
external. Deep inside I can feel an incredible, pleasant yearning for the gang of rough and tumble
dairies. They're from the wrong side of the tracks, but that's exactly how I like it.
"Do you know what this button does?" I ask Krawborsh.
"It takes us to an even more peaceful place, a land of love and lust unlike anymore mere mortals
have ever seen." The glass says. "So hand it over before it falls into the wrong hands."
"It already has." I inform the handsome chocolate milk, "I've already pushed it."
The entire gang laughs and exchanges glances with one another. "Sure you have." Say's
Krawborsh sarcastically. "I guess I just didn't feel it when this universe transitioned over into the
next one."
"You didn't." I tell him, "Because you were always here. I'm the one who transitioned."
The glass hesitates for a moment, eyeing me up and down. "Okay, I'll bite. What's the
difference between this universe and yours?"
"I'm not exactly sure yet." I tell him, "This one seems pretty much the same, except…" I trail
off.
"What?" Asks Krawborsh.
My heart is thundering hard in my chest now, not sure if I should reveal myself to this chocolaty
bandit but then considering what might happen if I don't.
"In this universe, I find you to be very, very attractive." I admit. "All of you."
The glass of milk and his companions exchange glances. "I was just thinking the same thing
about you." The glass tells me. "I think it's safe to say we all were."
The group of us sits in silence for a moment in this awkward standoff until, finally, I pull my
shirt off over the top of my head, revealing a gorgeous, muscular set of abs.
"Come over here." I coo seductively. "Let's see if this time around we can choose peace over
war."
The chocolate milk gang doesn't need to be told twice and, as they approach, I can confirm that
they are definitely more attractive that in the last universe. Their faces have been refined, their abs
slightly more chiseled and their swagger perfected into something absolutely stunning.
The bandits surround me now, thick chocolaty cocks protruding from their bodies as they stare
down at my body with a rampant lust.
"Give me those milky cowboy cocks." I demand, reaching up and grabbing a dick in each
hand. I grip them firmly, stroking up and down a few times before hungrily shoving one of the thick,
delicious rods into my mouth. I swallow him down as far as I can, taking note of the smooth, sugary
flavor that makes up the entirety of his strangely firm member.
Meanwhile, the rest of the bandits impatiently shove their massive dicks into my sightline, vying
for attention. I frantically reach up and grab one in each hand, then get to work pumping up and down
over their shafts with my tight grip. I follow closely with the movement of my mouth, finding a steady
pace that gradually gains speed until I am beating off their cocks with furious enthusiasm.
I push down hard on the dick in my mouth, trying to take him as deep as I can and succeeding
when the massive chocolate shaft plunges well below my gag reflex. Soon enough, I find myself held
tightly against his sweet bandit abs, his liquid balls resting against my chin while I wiggle my tongue
around the bottom of his fully consumed cock. I look up at the handsome dessert beverage with a fire
in my eyes, his dick rendering me unable to breathe while he holds me in place with his strong hands.
All the while, I continue to service the other bandits with my grip, and eventually start to rotate
through the group as they take turns between my fingers.
I realize now that Krawborsh has undressed completely, his glass sitting empty just a few feet
away while he joins the party as just another brown, undulating blob.
The chocolate milk that I'm deep throating lets me up and I take in a frantic gasp of air, a brown
strand of saliva hanging between my lips and the head of his throbbing cock. Seeing his chance,
another one of the bandits takes me by the head and slams me down over his member, as well,
pumping me over his length with just as much fury as the one who came before him. Almost
immediately, a second one of the chocolate milks pushes into the fray and somehow manages to get
his cock into my mouth at the same time, so that the two of them are now fighting for position within
my wet lips and splashing all over the place.
As I would have expected from a group of ruthless wild west men, they are more than a little
rough with me. But instead of being terrified by their sugary strength, I find myself more turned on
than I could have ever expected. I fully submit myself to their gay power, my asshole aching for the
bandit's strange touch. Finally, I just can't take it anymore.
I stand up suddenly and push past the outlaws, tearing off my pants and underwear, then bending
over a boulder. My muscular toned ass is popped out towards them as I look back over my shoulder
and wink.
"Not bad, cowboy!" Gargles one of the blobs.
"Go on." I say. "Let's see what you can do with this asshole."
The chocolate milks approach quickly, the first of them lining himself up with my tightness and
then slowly, but firmly, pushing forward with his massive, girthy cock. I let out a long moan of
pleasure when he enters me, gripping tightly onto the edge of the table while the bandit begins to
pulse in and out of my depths. Despite how fiercely the outlaw handles me, his penetrations are
incredible pleasant, hitting me in just the right spot to hit my prostate and send chills off pleasure
across every inch of my body.
"Oh fuck, that feels so fucking good." I groan, slamming my ass back against him with every
pound. "Keep fucking me just like that!"
Eventually, my words transform into a long, sensual moan that echoes through the desert,
growing louder and louder until finally the call is cut off when a huge cock is thrust between my lips,
gagging me. Now there is a bandit at either end of my body, railing me as I lay flat across the
worktable. They find a steady pace and begin using the force from one another to maintain their
rhythm, pulsing me back and forth across their hard rods. I relax my throat as much as I can and let
the cocoa bandit in front pound away at my deepest parts, looking up at him with lustful, cock hungry
eyes until he's finally had his fill and trades places with another.
The one behind me quickly does the same, and suddenly I realize that the chocolate milk
cowboys have formed a line at either end, thrusting into my tightness until they've had their fill and
then allowing the next sweet dessert cock to have a go. They rotate like this for quite a while and,
between the six of them, all of the chocolate milks eventually get a chance to enjoy me from either
end.
One of the bandits eventually lies down onto the boulder next to me, and in his strange, liquidy
voice he commands, "Get on."
I pull the cock from my mouth with a gasp.
"With pleasure!" I tell him, throwing a leg over the top and then leaning forward to kiss the
chocolate milks cold lips. I run my hands across his light brown body, drifting lower and lower until
I finally reach the bandits erect chocolate dick, which I take firmly into my hand. I lower myself
down, slowly guiding him up into my ass as it stretches nicely around his massive cock. I let out a
satisfied whimper when I reach the bottom, his member fully inserted, and then begin to grind slowly
against him in long, deliberate swoops.
"God damn, these chocolate milk dicks are so fucking good." I confess.
"Do you like that fat dairy dick?" The chocolate milk asks me in his deep, soulful voice. "Do
you love it up your tight gay asshole?"
"Yes, I love that fat chococock in my tight ass! I wish I had more to fuck!" I scream, lost in the
moment.
Almost immediately, one of the other handsome cowboys has approaches me from behind,
taking my ass in his cool liquid hands as he climbs up onto the boulder behind me. I look back over
my shoulder, trying to figure out exactly what he's up to, but by the time I realize what's going on it's
already too late to protest. The bandit briskly lines his dick up with the already filled rim of my
asshole, then propels himself forward.
I let out a sharp cry of pain and pleasure as my tight ass stretches to accommodate him, pushed
well beyond any previous limits that it may have had. I grit my teeth as my eyes roll back into my
head, trying as hard as I can to relax while the chocolate milks get to work pumping in and out of my
hole in tandem. When one pulls back, the other trusts forward, and visa versa, picking up speed until
they are absolutely throttling me with everything they've got.
The sensation is incredible, a sweet and sugary fullness I've never experienced that causes my
body to tremble with aching waves of pleasure. I reach down between my legs and start to help
myself along as they pummel me, playing with my throbbing cock and letting myself go within their
double dicked cockfight.
"Fuck me like a filthy gay cowboy!" I hiss, but my words are cut short as a new bandit
maneuvers to the front and shoves his massive liquid cock down my throat. Now I'm completely air
tight, filled to the brim with cock and loving every second of it as I barrel towards the most powerful
orgasm of my life.
Suddenly, I'm cumming so hard that I feel as though I've left my body, floating up in the air and
looking down at my large frame as ecstasy hits me like a tidal wave. Every muscle seems to clench
tight and then erupt into spasms, quaking across me while the bandits pound me senseless. I scream
into the cock that fills my mouth, the sound vibrating across his strange dick in a strangled squeal.
Jizz erupts from the head of my cock and sprays out across the bandit in front of me.
When I finally finish, it becomes apparent that the chocolate milks are on a similar timeline, so I
pull them out of me and then roll off onto the warm desert dirt, laying on my back as the crew of
chocolate milks stands around me beating their massive dicks.
"Cover me in your milk!" I command. "Shoot those fucking loads all over this bad, bad
cowboy!"
It's not long before one of them erupts with a fountain of milky, chocolate spunk. It splatters
down onto me, covering my stomach and ripped chest with a beautiful pearly design.
"Yes!" I urge them on. "More milk! Cover my face!"
The second one explodes, and then another and another, all of them painting my face with their
massive loads of warm cocoa. It flies out from their cocks in a series of thick ropes, plastering my
face with a pearly brown glaze. I stick out my tongue and catch the final two payloads in my mouth,
swallowing playfully and then looking up at the chocolate milks with a satisfied grin. "Delicious!" I
tell them.
I lay on my back for a while, staring up at the beautiful blue sky and catching my breath as the
milky beings slip and slide back into their glass, forming a single cowboy once more.
"There's still one question," says Krawborsh, "who gets the box?"
I smile, then reach over and take the small parcel in my hands, opening it up. "Both of us." I tell
him as I press the big red button.
"Howdy lover." Comes a deep voice that tears me from my slumber. I open my eyes to the
familiar glass of chocolate milk standing over me, looking even more handsome than ever.
I press the button again, and again, and again; each time walking up in a word more erotic than
the last until eventually all matter and light begins to decay and warp. All of existence transforms and
melts away until even the button itself no longer exists, simply the thought of its click permeating
through all space and time forever. I cum harder than any being ever has, or ever will, and then
literally become the universe, which is now made of abs.