I'm always confused when my friends complain about their jobs, not because I disagree with their
assessment that work sucks, but because it's something that we already all know. Sure, there are the
lucky few that have followed their dreams as a painter or writer or artist and somehow, in the face of
all logical probability, carved a living out of it. For the rest of us, however, work is work. When
someone tells me they want to find a job that's more fulfilling, that they want to do something
meaningful with their life, all I can wonder to myself is what? What exactly is this magical position
that keeps them happy, healthy, and, oh yeah, off of the street?
With the economy in shambles and massive hordes of Americans sinking below the poverty line
every day, I'll take what I can get.
Not only take it, I'm gonna hold onto it tight.
It's this mentality that has kept me both employed and, admittedly, miserable, working my way
up though the chain of command at my office by keeping my head down and saying "yes, sir" to nearly
every question that comes my way.
Can you stay late tonight and work on the presentation? Yes, sir.
How about reworking the sales report to include this new data? Yes, sir.
By now, I'm truly exhausted, but there is a roof over my head and food in my fridge. I've even
got enough saved up to send both of my kids to college.
This should shed a little light on why exactly I decided to tell my boss that I was more than
willing to take over for Burbins on his quarterly investors report since the man is gravely ill and can't
make it into work. With only one day to prepare, the idea of me carrying this important meeting
entirely on my shoulders is both terrifying and a little preposterous but, at the end of the day,
somebody's got to do it.
I find out in the afternoon and begin my preparations immediately, heading off to an unused
corner office with a massive stack of papers in order to familiarize myself with Burbins' work. His
research is a little cerebral for me, but I can fake this kind of science talk if a truly need to.
"Alrighty," I sigh to myself, dropping the stack of papers onto the desk with a loud thud and then
collapsing into my chair. I take a long sip from my coffee and then read aloud from the fist page.
"Systematic Operations Report Of Cronos Project In Linear Field Testing."
I open up the first page and start to read, holding my forehead as the headache immediately
begins to form. I can already tell that I'm in way over my head with this; half of the words completely
unpronounceable while the rest are describing concepts that I can't even begin to understand.
Suddenly, there's a knock at the office door behind me. I turn in my seat as my boss, Mr.
Whippo, enters.
"How's it coming along in here?" the large, imposing man asks. He is tall with dark features
and a tightly cropped beard.
"Just started to crack it open," I inform him, "but so far, so good."
"You understand everything okay? I know it's a little dense," my boss questions.
"Oh yeah, of course," I confirm, lying through my teeth. I glance down at the page before me,
randomly grabbing onto the first phrases that I see. "Temporal Phase Shifts, that's my bread and
butter."
Mr. Whippo lets out a long sigh of relief. "Oh, thank god," the man says, "I was worried for a
minute. I guess it's okay to tell you that they've moved up the meeting, then. You've got another hour
before we'll see you in conference room A."
"Oh, sure," I stammer, trying my best to be the dutiful yes man that I've worked so hard to
become.
"Great!" exclaims Mr. Whippo, giving me a confident wink. He knocks once on doorframe with
his knuckles and then exits quickly, leaving me to wallow in my own fear of what's about to happen at
this high profile meeting.
Immediately, I begin to tear through the pages, flipping faster and faster as I scan the material for
the most important parts. Unfortunately, the language is so dense that I can't even pick out what the
most important parts are, simply searching for buzzwords that I think will impress the investors.
Everything is going well until I suddenly reach a section at the middle of the packet that is made
up entirely of diagrams, various blueprints for what would appear to be a large, circular machine.
Even though I'm on a tight schedule, I can't help but slow down a bit, trying desperately to figure out
what exactly I'm looking at.
My company, Butt Industries, does plenty of research and development on an assortment of
projects, from high tech weaponry to environmentally efficient energy solutions. Just looking at the
pictures, this object could be any one of these things, but for the moment I'm guessing it is some kind
of video game.
"Time Displacement System," I read aloud.
Suddenly there is another knock at the door and Mr. Whippo's secretary steps inside. "Are you
ready?" she questions urgently. "They're already down in the conference room."
I glance up at the clock and am shocked to find that, while my face was buried in this tome of
hard science, time had been flying by. The meeting starts in three minute.
"Holy shit!" I blurt, standing up from the table and spilling my cup of coffee everywhere.
"I'll get that," the secretary tells me, "you go."
I grab the stack of papers before the brown beverage can get to them, running out the door with a
frantic thank you and then sprinting down the long hallway before me.
The building that I work in is huge, and it takes the full three minutes to get to conference room
A. Thankfully, however, I'm somehow able to make it there in the nick of time, bursting through the
door with a wild look in my eyes.
"I'm here," I announce to the room of patiently waiting investors, a tableful of balding men that
extends on for what seems like forever. Mr. Whippo sits at the head, staring across the table with
pride at his favorite employee's arrival.
"Alright, so…" I start, trying to collect myself. Behind me, a slide suddenly appears, displaying
one of the blueprints that I had just been looking over.
"Okay," I say, clapping once as I try to regain my focus, "this, of course, is the Cronos Project, a
new gaming system that we've been developing here at Butt Industries over the last year."
I scan the expressions of the businessmen before me, subtly trying to discern whether or not I've
hit my mark. They do not seem pleased.
"Of course, there are other applications of this device, as I'm sure you all know…" I announce,
trying to correct course. "We have a Blu-ray player installed, and obviously DVDs."
The crowd definitely doesn't like this. I'm beginning to sweat profusely, my words stumbling
over each other and spilling out of my mouth in a jumbled mess. "I mean, I'm sure you all know, or
you don't know that's why you're here, but, I mean, I'm sure you understand what this is for."
Suddenly, Mr. Whippo pipes up. "Is this a joke, Rhondok?"
I freeze, trying desperately to figure out the best way to play this. "Yeah, it's a joke," I finally
tell him.
"Well, it's not a very good one," replies my boss. "This is a very exciting announcement, let's
tell the people what they want to hear!"
"Yes, of course, sorry about that," I say, straightening up. "We here at Butt Industries are proud
to announce…"
I glance up at the blueprint being projected behind me, trying desperately to latch onto any bit of
information that could point me in the right direction. "Proud to announce…" I repeat.
"I think that's enough," Mr. Whippo suddenly interrupts. "I'm sorry gentlemen, it appears that
Rhondok is not actually prepared for the very important meeting. We'll reschedule for tomorrow."
The investors begin to grumble restlessly as they stand up from their chairs, collecting their
things and heading for the door.
"Rhondok," my boss says, looking directly at me with an intense anger in his eyes, "you're
fired."
As his words hit my ears I feel as though my heart has literally stopped in my chest, a fate so
unimaginably devastating that I can barely even bring myself to accept it.
"What?" is all that I can say.
"You heard me, get the fuck out," my boss demands, sternly.
Without another word I take my paperwork and head off into the hallway. I feel like the shell of
a man, an empty vessel that carries absolutely nothing on the inside of it other than a hollow aching
pain.
What the fuck am I going to do? I have a family to support.
Before I know it, I've arrived at my office where a large cardboard box is already waiting for
me to collect my things. They don't waste any time, I guess.
I solemnly begin to place framed photos and other keepsakes from my desk into the box, tears
lightly falling from my eyes as I struggle in vain to retain my composure. Nothing about this is fair, but
it's the hand that I've been dealt and I need to accept that.
It's not long before this sadness turns to anger, however, and suddenly I'm grabbing the stack of
papers and hurling them across my office in a fit of rage. The pages flutter and swirl through the air,
turning this way and that as they tumble across the room. One piece in particular catches my eye,
though, landing right there on the desk in front of me.
"Time machine," I read aloud.
It takes a moment for the words to register but when they do my jaw nearly hits the floor. The
Cronos Project wasn't a new video gaming system, it was a god damn time machine.
I suddenly realize why this meeting was so important, and why Whippo was so furious that I
couldn't handle it, which, of course, is ridiculous because I didn't have enough time to prepare.
But what if I did?
It suddenly occurs to me that there is a way of fixing all of this, a way that I can keep my job, as
well as understand the Cronos Project inside and out.
Without another thought, I head out into the main hallway of my building, B lining for the
elevator and then pressing a button for the research lab. Normally, I wouldn't be able to reach this
part of the complex with my security clearance, but just for today all of Burbins' identifications have
been transferred over onto me.
Deeper and deeper the elevator descends until, eventually, I reach the absolute bottom floor of
my building, Research Lab One. This is where all of the most highly regarded and diligently protected
science is located, a place that I never dreamed I'd have access to in all of my years working at Butt
Industries.
The elevators doors slide open slowly, revealing a massive lab that is more reminiscent of an
airplane hanger than an office building. I have no idea how they are able to fit all of this down here,
right below the hustling, bustling streets of Manhattan, but here it is in all of it's glory. Before me is a
massive white sphere, sitting atop three pedestals and humming a low, strange drone. Its surface is
metallic but shimmers with a strange pearly current, flickers of electricity that dance and play while
they run down every side.
I don't have long to stare, though, as moments later my focus is broken by the sound of rapidly
approaching footsteps. Immediately, I duck off into the shadows behind a large wooden crate, just
narrowly avoiding the gaze of two armed guards when they stroll past.
Clearly, this idea is much more dangerous that I anticipated, but I find solace in the fact that,
regardless of how much a commotion I make getting to it, once I'm in the machine I'll be able to go
back far enough that none of this will have even happened.
With that in mind, I sneak closer and closer to the giant sphere, taking note of an open hatch at
the bottom. If I make a run for it I'll be inside before anyone can stop me, and then it's just a matter of
finding the controls.
I pause for a moment, taking a deep breath as I prepare myself for the surge of adrenalin that is
about to pulse though my body. My heart is pounding a mile a minute, hammering within my chest. It's
now or never.
Heading straight for the hatch at the bottom of the time machine, I erupt from my hiding spot in a
full on sprint, pushing my muscles to work as hard as they possibly can.
"Hey!" someone shouts from behind me. "You can't go in there! It's not safe!"
For a split second I actually consider heeding his warning, but at this point I've already crossed
the line and there is no turning back.
I grab onto a small metal ladder at the bottom of the sphere and hoist myself up into the hatch,
slamming the door closed behind me.
Now I'm in a pitch black room, so dark that I can't even see my hand in front of my face. I begin
to stumble around, desperately searching for some kind of controls while fists begin to furiously
pound against the outside of my metal shell. There are voices, men and women frantically telling me
to open up, but I don't listen.
Eventually, their shouts become quieter, and odder, the words melting together in the air and
turning into an awkward mush of syllables that I don't recognize. My entire body is tingling and the
humming that I had heard on the outside of this machine is now deafeningly loud in my ears. The pitch
keeps rising and rising and, with it, the darkness of the sphere changes into a brilliant blue.
"Oh my god," I stammer, gazing upwards.
Suddenly, everything stops.
I realize now that the blue I had seen is the turquoise hue of a beautiful sky that stretches out
away from me in every direction, covered in fluffy white clouds. I am standing on a pure white floor
with absolutely no features, just a massive nothingness.
"Hello?" I call out.
I spin in a circle, searching for any clue or connection to the place that I once was.
Suddenly, I find a man standing right behind me, startling me so much that I nearly topple over
backwards. It takes me a moment to collect myself, but when I do I realize that I am face to face with
a nude, muscular hunk whose head is nothing more than a large clock.
"Do not be afraid, Rhondok," says the man.
"Who are you?" I stammer, backing away slowly.
"I'm you, I'm me, I'm everything," explains the clock-headed creature, which doesn't really
explain much of anything.
"You're not me, I'm me," I protest.
"When you said those words it was the present, now your words are in the past, do you know
how they got there?" questions the man.
I shake my head.
"Time. That's me," he explains. "I'm everywhere, and I've been everywhere forever."
"If you're everywhere, then why are you standing here?" I ask. "Aren't you just a concept?"
"This is the form that I've chosen to take when communicating with humans," explains Time. "If
it weren't for this body your brain would literally explode just by looking at me, trying to make sense
of my presence in your simple three dimensional world."
"You're from a four dimensional world?" I stammer.
"I am the fourth dimension," Time replies, smugly.
I shake my head, my brain trying to keep up with all of this information as it wizzes past it.
"How did I get here?" I ask.
"That's a great question, you tell me," Time states. "This isn't a safe place for you to be, one
wrong move and you're consciousness could get repeated across time forever, which would be
excruciatingly painful. That's what happened to the last guy who showed up."
I suddenly realize that I've made a terrible mistake. Time is right, this is not a place that I
should be, and it certainly isn't worth trying to go back and fix my presentation at the office.
"Can you send me home?" I ask. "To the time right before I left?"
Time lets out a long sigh. "I suppose I can try."
Suddenly, I find myself standing in the hallway of my office once again. I look down into my
hands and notice that I am holding the Cronos Project packet, quickly realizing that behind the door
before me is a meeting that will single handedly destroyed my carrier. My second chance, I think, then
take a deep breath and open up the conference room door.
What lies on the other side is not at all what I expected, however. The second that I enter an
entire boardroom of men who look exactly like me turn and smile, perfect replicas of my own body.
I try to speak but my words refuse to come out, leaving me left in a brutally awkward silence
before these strange clones.
Finally, the one at the head of the table stands up. "Rhondok, what are you waiting for?" he asks.
Suddenly, I find myself able to speak, but when I do the words come out over and over again,
repeating in an endless feedback loop. I look behind me and find that there are copies of myself
leading from outside in the hallway to where I stand now, frozen replications locked forever in time.
"Time!" I scream, the word echoing on and on and on until everything stops abruptly and I'm
back standing before the muscular creature once again. The gorgeous blue sky spills out all around us.
"See," Time says, "it gets complicated. It's not like in the movies, you know? I'm fucking crazy,
man, sometimes I don't even understand how the fuck I work."
"Well how do I get out of this?" I beg to know. "How do I make everything normal again?"
"You mean how do you get back to the timeline that you started on?" questions Time. "I have no
idea, I don't even know what universe you started in, let alone what timeline!"
"What do you know?" I shout, completely losing my cool.
"Well, let's see," the strange man says, eyeing me up. "I'm guessing that you're from a fictional
universe, because you haven't been described very well physically." Time reaches over and tousles
my shaggy black hair. "See, you didn't even know that your hair was shaggy until I interacted with it.
That's just lazy writing right there."
I narrow my eyes at him, confused. "You mean, I'm not real?"
"Afraid not," explains Time, "but that's okay, there are way more fictional characters than real
ones. I mean, I'm fictional, too. At least in this context."
"How do you know we're not in a movie or something?" I demand to know.
"Because we're made of words, see?" Time points out, using this very sentence as an example.
"Holy shit, you're right," I exclaim. I should be more shocked by this revelation but, as a
fictional character, I realize now that this emotional outburst is mostly up to the authors discretion.
"Has this ever happened before?"
"Sure," Time says with a shrug, "you ever read Chuck Tingle's other book, Reamed By My
Reaction To The Title Of This Book?" Suddenly, the abstract concept catches himself. "Oh wait, of
course you haven't."
"Who is Chuck Tingle?" I question.
"Your author," Time explains. "He wrote a book before this one where a man realizes that he's
just a fictional character. That happens sometimes in Chuck's books, apparently. I personally think it's
quite cruel."
"Why?" I ask. "What happens?"
"Well, eventually you'll realize that the book is going to end and it's pretty sad, you know? You
find out that once the book is over you'll just disappear. I suppose it's only sad because Chuck writes
it that way, though, so for you he could just as easily make things very pleasant."
This makes a lot of sense to me and I suddenly find myself completely at ease with the concept
that I am nothing more than a literary character; thrilled, even.
"See," time says, pointing to the paragraph above this one.
"So, what kind of book is it?" I question.
The clock-headed man hesitates.
"What?" I continue. "What is it?"
"Erotica… Gay erotica," Time finally explains.
"Are you kidding me?" I shout. "But, I'm not gay!"
"Not yet," replies Time.
I shake my head, unable to accept this completely bizarre revelation. "I'm not gay," I repeat.
Time laughs. "That's what they all say."
I suddenly notice just how muscular this strange man really is, the way that his abs clench and
release as he chuckles. I hate to admit that, even as a totally straight man, there is something quite
compelling about his perfect physique.
I hadn't even noticed it until now, but Time is also shockingly well hung, his massive dick
slowly twitching to life before my very eyes.
"Maybe a little gay," I finally say, dropping down to my knees before Time as his cock reaches
full attention.
Without a moment's hesitation, I open my mouth wide and swallow his enormous girth, bobbing
up and down on Time's shaft in a slow, confident rhythm. The abstract concept lets out a long,
satisfied groan, thrilled by the way that I'm pleasuring him as he places his hands against the back of
my head and helps to guide me across his length.
We build speed together, faster and faster until suddenly I push down and hold, taking the clock-
headed man completely to the hilt. I look up at him and give a playful wink, his dick fully consumed
and his Time balls pressed tight against my chin.
"That feels so fucking good," Time moans.
Eventually, I run out of air and am forced to pull back with aloud gasp, reeling as I struggle to
collect my senses. "I want you to pound me," I tell him, overwhelmed by a searing gay desire that I
had never known was lying dormant somewhere deep inside.
I tear off my shirt, literally ripping it open as buttons fly everywhere and then throwing it to the
side. My pants and underwear follow, and the next thing I know I am standing completely naked
before this handsome clock man.
"Fuck me," I coo, turning around slowly and then crawling down onto the strange white ground.
I pop my ass out towards him, wiggling it playfully as Time eye by puckered butthole with a ravenous
hunger.
The massive clock-headed man climbs down into position behind me, aligning his humungous
dick with the tightly sealed entrance of my backdoor. I can feel him teasing the rim with the head of
his cock, pushing just enough to make me ache for more until I finally can't take it and demand that he
shoves it in.
"Do it!" I scream. "Pound me like the filthy twink that I am!"
Time abruptly pushes forward, thrusting inside of me in one powerful swoop that stretches the
limits of my ass. I can't believe how enormous his member is, a gargantuan rod that can barely be
contained as my rectum is pulled taut.
"Jesus, do you really have to use the word rectum?" I ask the author.
Why not? Chuck retorts, communicating through the written words as they appear before me.
"What about just butthole?" I question.
Chuck shrugs.
Moments later me and Time are right back at it, the muscular lover slamming into my butthole
with everything that he's got. While the movements had once been slightly painful and wrought with
discomfort, the longer he moves inside of the me the more I'm able to adjust to his thickness. Soon
enough, any unfortunately sensations have melted away into a powerful, overwhelming bliss. I'm
trembling with pleasure, reeling from the sensation of having my prostate massaged from deep within
the depths of my anus.
Again, I question Chuck's use of the word anus, and once more he informs me that it's fine to be
anatomical sometimes, that word variety is a good thing that that the reader won't mind.
In fact, they're probably not even reading this to get off.
"What do you mean?" I ask him bluntly, my words forever sealed within the pages of this short
story.
Most people are laughing at us, Chuck inform me.
Suddenly, Time and I stop, his cock still deep inside of me as we stare out into the nothingness,
through the black printed words and towards the reader; towards you.
"Are you really just reading this for a laugh?" I ask you.
Chuck reminds me that I'm just a character, and that I'm not really in the position to be asking
the reader anything.
See those quotes when you talk? He asks me, pointing to the previous paragraph. I don't have
those because I'm typing directly to the reader, while you have to speak in quotes. This mean's you
can't quite talk directly to them.
"Will you do it for me then?" I ask. "I'm curious to know."
Are you just reading this for a laugh?
I immediately realize that, unfortunately, this type of communication only works one way. I'll
never truly know the intentions of the reader and I will probably just have to take Chuck's word for it.
"So what should we do then?" I question. "Just tell jokes? I don't get it."
No, no, Chuck explains. It might be funny to the readers, but not to me.
"We're getting you off?" I question. "Me and Time?"
Of course, Chuck says with a nod.
I'm suddenly hit by a powerful wave of encouragement. By now, Time is hammering my asshole
with everything that he's got, pounding me with reckless abandon as the first hints of orgasm begin to
creep slowly across my body. I reach down between my legs and grab ahold of my cock, beating
myself off in time with Time's potent thrusts.
"Oh my god," I groan, "I'm gonna fucking cum."
"Me too," Time admits, his voice quaking.
Immediately, this hulking abstract concept pushes deep into me and holds, crying out as he fully
impales my ass across the length of his rod. I can feel his spunk unloading hard, a series of orgasmic
pulses that fill me with an unbelievable warmth. Soon the otherworldly jizz is too much for my
asshole to contain, spilling out over the edges of my plugged rim and splattering across the stark
white floor below.
Seconds later I'm cumming as well, my eyes rolling back in my head as a massive load erupts
from the tip of my cock. "God damn!" I scream, unaware that I was even capable of such a mighty
sexual explosion.
When the sensation finally passes I collapse onto the ground, breathing heavy as Time pulls out
of me. I roll over and look up at him with hazy, cock-drunk eyes.
"What now?" I finally ask.
"Well, I can't send you back," explains Time, "we already tried that. Maybe Chuck can help you
though."
Of course I can help you, I'm the author.
"So help me, get me out of here," I stammer.
Suddenly, a small wooden box appears on the ground next to me, beautifully crafted and with a
large red button at the top.
"What's this?" I ask.
The big red button.
"What does it do?"
The big red button is what makes the Tingleverse possible, the author explains. When pressed,
the character who presses it will travel deeper into the Tingleverse, which is just like the universe out
there only gayer. The more times you press the button, the deeper you'll travel.
"Until?" I question. "What happens if I keep pressing the button."
Well, the Tingleverse is almost infinite, however, it does have a beginning and an end. The end
of the Tingleverse is called the Tingularity. This is a universe that can no longer become gayer, a
place of infinite butts.
I stare at the button, not sure if I want to push it but realizing now that I have no other choice.
The author soothes me, explaining that it's not so bad and certainly better than the alternative,
which is just going out like a light once this book ends.
"But you wrote me to be okay with that!" I protest. "I'm not like that guy in Reamed By My
Reaction or whatever. I'm not afraid of going out like a light, but this universe traveling this is
fucking terrifying."
You'll be fine, Chuck informs me. Where to you want to go?
"What are my options?" I question.
Chuck smiles warmly. You could be a gay billionaire dinosaur, or a billionaire jet plane, or a
billionaire vampire bus.
"What's with all the billionaires?" I ask.
They're hot.
"Fair enough," I say with a shrug, and then consider my options. "I think I'd like to be a
billionaire jet plane, that sounds super weird."
It is, Chuck informs me.
"Do I get to pick my name and everything?" I continue.
Sure.
I think for a moment. "What about Keith? And can I be a professional card counter? Like
playing Blackjack? That sounds cool."
I don't see why not. Besides, that book is one of my best sellers so clearly you know what
you're doing.
"Wait, this already happened?" I question.
When time is on your side, you can do anything, Chuck explains. I'm sending you back to
January 28th of 2015, that's when the book will be published. Everyone reading this will think that
it's been around the whole time, that's how time travel works.
"Whoa," I stammer, "but what happens when that book ends?"
We'll send you somewhere else, that's how the big red button works. I mean, that's how you
arrived here at Slammed In The Butthole By My Concept Of Linear Time in the first place.
I could also just write in a scenario where you do something forever and ever, but that's bound
to get a little boring, don't you think?
The guy in Reamed By My Reaction To The Title Of This Book started regretting his request for
never ending fucking pretty quick. I finally had to go back and let him out. Now he's working in
Vegas as a dinosaur magician.
"Wait, wait, wait… go back. You mean I've been in other books?"
About ten or so, yes, as different people or objects. Once you were a bigfoot that was a lawyer
and a doctor.
"That makes no sense," I inform him.
Just push the button, Chuck says, I'm hungry and Jon's cooking spaghetti tonight.
I place my hand on the big red button. I push.