If there is one thing that I love about the Christmas season, it's buying things. Not necessarily giving
them away, either, because even though gifts are wonderful, they can't compare to the sensual pulse of
a credit card swipe through a virgin machine. It's truly beautiful and, besides Santa Clause, the tree,
and my boy J.C., it's what the season is all about.
Sometimes during Christmastime (which officially starts on the first of October as far as I'm
concerned), I'll cruise out to the mall and just sit there in the food court, taking it all in. At first,
there's not much to see, the usual comings and goings of a typical American town, but as the days drift
further and further into November and then finally December, everything changes.
December, or as I like to call it, The Big Show, is when the string lighting starts making its first
appearance, the trees start lifting high into the sky and the carolers begin to shout out from high on the
rooftops, harkening down as I spend and spend and spend.
Last year, I spent so much time out there at the mall that my wife Susan had to take me in to the
local hospital for severe dehydration and malnourishment. I swore that, from that day onward, I
would make sure to break sometimes for eggnog and ginger bread houses, and my wife was satisfied
with that.
This year, I've been good about taking care of myself, pounding eggnog until the cows come
home.
To be honest, however, I'm about ready to switch over to my favorite treat, Christmas blend
coffee from Starbutts.
I have a rule when it comes to holiday coffee; I refuse to buy it until they bring out the bright red
cups.
You know the ones that I'm talking about, right? Those wonderfully festive little gems that
depict the Christmas season in all of its glory, complete with decorative pines, mistletoe, reindeers
and even St. Nick himself.
It gives me a rock hard erection just thinking about it.
The thing is, I just can't tolerate having my Christmas blend coffee in a plain cup, so I refuse to
drink it until Starbutts, my favorite coffee shop, marches out the red cups on November first.
Now here I am on the eve of the big red reveal, camped outside of my local Starbutts. While
other's like to celebrate this evening by dressing up in costumes, stealing candy and hailing the dark
lord Satan with his heathen tradition known as Halloween, I have dedicated my time to making darn
sure that I'm the first in line when that cup of hot Christmas blend comes out.
My name is gonna be on that cup.
One of the Starbutts employees spots me sitting outside and opens the front door, sticking her
head out into the chilly evening air. "Oh, I'm sorry, sir," she says, "we're already closed tonight."
"Oh, I know," I inform her, "I'm just here for the cups."
The woman looks confused. "Excuse me?"
"The cups," I repeat, "I'm just here for the holiday cups tomorrow, I wanted to be the first in
line."
Her look of confusion slowly turns to one of amusement.
"You know, I don't think we're going to run out of cups," the woman informs me, "there's plenty
to go around."
I nod. "But I need to get there first, you know? Get into the Christmas spirit?"
"Sure," the woman says. She turns to head back inside and then stops herself, turning around and
poking her head out into the night air once again. "Are you sure you're going to be okay out here? It's
supposed to drop below zero tonight, might even get some snow."
"Even better," I say, nodding to her as I wrap my blanket even tighter around myself, "even
better."
The young woman shrugs and then heads back inside, locking the door behind her as she finishes
closing down shop for the evening.
I shut my eyes tight and settle in, ready to prove to the world that I am one with the Christmas
spirit, a perfect solider of holiday glee who is ready to do battle in the name of Yuletide cheer.
Visions of sugarplums dance in my head as I try my best to snooze, the frosty air nipping at my
nose until, finally, all of my senses seem to fade away into a big black nothingness.
The next thing I know, I'm floating through a vivid dream world, high above the city as I gaze
down upon the houses below. I'm looking out over the edge of a sleigh several that is miles up in the
sky, and sitting next to me are both Jesus and Santa Clause, each of them incredibly ripped and
shirtless.
Nice.
"Where are we going?" I ask.
"To the place where all men reverse themselves," the two of them tell me in unison.
I have no idea what this means, but I suddenly feel slightly unsettled. There is something about
this that doesn't seem quite right, the edges of my dream beginning to peel back and reveal a haunting
nightmare underneath the polished exterior.
Suddenly, the sleigh dips sharply and we are plummeting down towards the earth below, the icy
air whipping up across my face with a wild fury.
"Oh my god!" I cry out, gripping tightly onto the wood in front of me as I try my best not to fly
out.
At this point I am certain that these are my final breaths, screaming at the top of my lungs until
suddenly, at the very last minute, the sleigh pulls back and we land ever so softly outside of the very
same Starbutts that I fell asleep at. Now, however, the business is absolutely packed with people,
overflowing with customers as they scramble to claim decorative red cups of their own.
Jesus and Santa Clause climb out of the sleigh and then turn back to face me. "Follow us," they
command in unison.
I do as I'm told, climbing up off of my wooden bench and stepping out into the sprawling mass
of frantic customers.
Jesus and Santa lead the way, parting the crowd as they hold up official Christmas lanyards,
which are clearly labeled ‘all access.'
"I'm with them," I offer the disappointed patrons who shoot me fierce glares of anger while I
slink past the pack, pushing forward until finally the three of us find ourselves pressed up against the
Starbutts counter.
"What can I get started for you?" a handsome, bearded employee asks me.
Before I have a chance to respond, Jesus and Santa Clause interject on my behalf. "Reindeer
milk," the two of them announce.
"Very good," the man behind the counter says, turning away to begin my beverage.
"I was just hoping to get a cup of the Christmas blend," I stammer, but Jesus and Santa Clause
ignore me completely.
Moments later, the bearded man turns around and hands me a bright red Starbutts cup. I stare
down at it, my brain struggling to grapple with the absolutely horrific image that fills my field of
vision. From afar this would appear to be your typical Starbutts Christmas goblet, but in some
disgusting, nightmarish trick, all of the jolly, holiday imagery has been wiped away and removed
completely.
"What is this?" I stammer, my heartbeat kicking into double time as cold sweat forms across my
brow.
"Reindeer blood," the bearded barista replies, his eyes now completely black.
The next thing I know, the entire building is melting around me in a mixture of hellish red, the
nightmare finally revealing itself in all of its terrifying glory. Flames erupt from every side, and when
I spin around I see that Santa Clause is now a giant, generic holiday snowflake while Jesus has
transformed into an enormous Star of David.
"Noooooo!" I scream out, tilting my head back and erupting with a howl of pure anguish.
Suddenly, I bolt upright, the surreal dream disappearing as reality returns and hits me hard in the
chest. I take a deep breath, overwhelmed with gratitude that this horrible experience had been nothing
more than a holiday dream.
I find myself sitting in exactly the same spot on the sidewalk, right outside of Starbutts, only
now the first cracks of sunlight are creeping their way across the horizon of the distant, snow covered
mountains.
There is a loud click as the door next to me unlocks, and I glance over to see the same young
woman who spoke to me last night opening up for the early shift.
Immediately, I turn to look behind me, expecting to find the same massive swarms lining up
behind me in a sea of chaos, just like in the dream. This prediction couldn't be farther from the
truth, however, as the only thing that has appeared behind me over night is a light layer of frost across
the sidewalk.
I stand up, slightly confused but still grateful to call myself the first in line for this season's
incredibly important red Starbutts cups.
"Come on in," says the young woman, "we're open."
I excitedly push past her, making my way through the door and then rushing up to the front of the
counter so fast my backwards baseball cap nearly flies off of my head.
"Christmas blend!" I shout.
Moments later, the barista appears at the register, somewhat taken aback by my excitement and
enthusiasm.
"That will be two dollars," she tells me.
I pull out the crumbled bills and place them on the counter, my entire body trembling as I attempt
to contain my excitement for this thrilling tradition to unfold.
My mind races with what kind of beautiful Christmas imagery could be depicted across the
seasonal red cups, what kind of gorgeous Christian iconography is in store for my unprepared, moral
mind to experience?
Personally, I have my fingers crossed for eleven lords a' leaping, but only time will tell.
Soon enough, the young woman returns with my coffee, piping hot in its beautiful red cup. I take
the beverage from her and look down, ready for anything but never expecting what lies before me.
My breath immediately catches in my throat as a cold jolt of panic surges through me. Am I still
dreaming? Is this my nightmare?
The cup that I hold in my hands is certainly the traditional Starbutts red, but that is precisely
where the Christmas spirit ends.
The cup is a blank, matte crimson from top to bottom.
Without even thinking I drop the cup, which explodes in a flurry of hot black coffee across the
floor. My heart is slamming hard in my chest, thundering through me with a rapid pound as I struggle
to collect my senses. Everything is spinning, the entire room shifting as my knees buckle and give out
below me.
Suddenly, I open my eyes to find that I'm strapped to a table with a bright light shining above
me.
"Oh, thank god," I blurt, "it was just another dream."
"Afraid not," comes a voice from somewhere off to the side.
I try to glance over but immediately realize I am securely fastened to the table below.
"Where am I?" I question.
The next thing I know, a nurse is leaning over me, looking down with an expression of grave
concern on her face. "You had a nasty fall in Starbutts," the woman explains. "You passed out and hit
your head on the counter."
"I did?" I ask her, completely shocked by this revelation.
"You did," the nurse assures me with a nod. "I'm Nurse Keenankel, do you remember what your
name is?"
I suddenly realize that I have no idea.
"Well, we called your wife because you had an ID in your pocket," the nurse informs me, "so
you'll be happy to know that your name is Jabua Fogstein and you're a former preacher, does that ring
any bells?"
"If I'm a former preacher what do I do now?" I ask.
"Your wife tells us that you spend most of the year making videos for the Internet and preparing
for Starbutts Christmas cups," the nurse reveals.
Suddenly, I'm reminded of exactly how I ended up here, my entire body seizing as my heart
kicks into double time at the thought of Starbutts cups turning plain matte red this season.
A loud beeping staccato erupts from the room around me, which I now realize is the inside of an
ambulance. My entire body is shaking and convulsing wildly, threatening to break loose from the tight
leather straps that wrap across me.
"He's going into cardiac arrest!" the nurse screams, prompting another one of the medical
technicians to appear above me. "We're losing him!"
Keenankel grabs a set of paddles from the wall and rubs them together as a high pitched whine
fills my ears, then she slams them down against my chest as a blinding jolt of electricity surges
through me.
I shake in one powerful convulsion, then suddenly I find myself breathing normally once more,
calm and collected as I settle back against my gurney.
"Mr. Fogstein," the nurse says, "you can't keep reacting like this every time you think about
these Starbucks cups, it's not healthy."
She's right, and I know it, but I just can't help the way that I feel. I try my best to fight it, but
soon a cascade of tears is welling up within my eyes and then spilling down over the edge of them,
streaking my cheeks with their salty wetness.
"I know," I tell her, blubbering like a child. "I know, but I can't help it, these cups mean so much
to me."
"But why?" the nurse begs to know, trying to understand the utter horror that I am going through.
"Because they're trying to boycott Christmas!" I tell her. "Starbutts is trying to make this season
for everyone instead of just for Christians. They're oppressing me!"
"Well, I mean, does it really matter what the cup looks like?" Keenankel asks. "It's just a cup."
"Yes, it matters," I retort, "I didn't expect you to understand. These are my Christmas cups!
Don't you understand that? Christmas is the only time that us Christians are not an oppressed minority
and now they're trying to take that away from us, too!"
"I don't know about that," the nurse says skeptically.
"It's true!" I tell her. "You'll never understand until you've lived it, but it's absolutely true and
it's not fair!"
"Well alright, sir," Keenankel offers, "let's just try not to get so worked up about the cups,
though, okay? We don't want you to hurt yourself."
After my episode, I spend the next two days in the hospital under heavy observation. Everyone
is gravely concerned, family, friends and fans, especially when I make a viral video to express my
displeasure with the new Starbutts changes.
Suddenly, supporters are coming out of the woodwork, telling me that they to are disappointed
with the Starbutts decided to make their business a place of inclusion and harmony.
I feels great to have this much of a passionate team behind me, but as I lay here in the hospital
bed, I can't help thinking back to the powerful blank surface of those red holiday cups. They represent
everything that I despise in this world, and yet somehow I find myself drawn to that beautiful matte
finish, the chic, modern plainness of their spotless exterior.
The longer that I dwell on the shape of the new cups, the harder it is to refrain from touching
myself, to keep from reaching down between my legs and pumping my fist across my long, hard
erection.
I know that I shouldn't be thinking these thoughts, but that's exactly why they are so arousing.
The taboo nature of the new cups is exotic and forbidden, seasonally naughty for a hardcore Christian
like myself.
I wonder what it would feel like to let me cock slip deep into one of those beautiful red
chalices, the warm coffee enveloping my shaft and then covering my balls in its dark, holiday roasted
goodness. I can just smell it now, the scent of fresh coffee beans as I get myself off with this
handsome beverage.
Suddenly, there is a knock on the door of my hospital room, breaking my concentration. My wife
won't be coming by until tomorrow afternoon, and most of my friends have already paid their visits,
so I have no idea who this could possibly be.
"Hello?" I call out. "Come on in!"
The door cracks open a bit and then suddenly a handful of massive, red holiday cups come
shuffling inside.
I gasp when I see them, completely shocked by the sudden appearance of these incredibly hunky
cups.
"What's going on?" I stammer. "What is this?"
One of the cups steps forward, a rugged masculine thing with a sexy white rim and perfectly
circular shape. "We heard about your accident, wanted to come by and make sure everything was
going okay," the holiday container admits.
"Seriously?" I question. "That's so… sweet."
The cup smiles. "Don't mention it."
I realize now just how incredibly attractive this new cup design is, completely slick and
streamlined in a way that truly turns me on. I find myself glancing down at their enormous cocks,
which hang down in front of them, at first wondering why these cups are nude and then immediately
remember that cups don't wear clothes, obviously.
I'm completely straight, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit I am very impressed with the size of
their hulking cup wangs. These shafts are absolutely enormous, and as I watch they begin to slowly
grow in size, lifting and extending out towards me.
The lead cup notices, too, glancing around with a smile.
"I'm sorry," he says, "when we came here to make peace I had no idea just how handsome you
would be."
"Me either," I admit. "Honestly, I'm not so sure I dislike the new look anymore, it's kind of
sleek."
"Thanks," the cup says with a flirtatious smile.
Suddenly, all of that fighting and panicking and arguing just seems utterly silly, a relic of some
other me that I barely even know any longer. Who was that angry bearded man yelling into his phone
about his Starbutts coffee oppression? Honestly, I have no idea.
"Can I be honest," I finally say.
"Of course," the lead cup says.
"I've always been really turned on by the holiday cups, not in a gay way or anything because
I'm totally straight and I know that all cups are dudes," I admit. "I've always been able to keep it
under wraps, though, until now."
"I'm listening," the lead holiday cup says, seductively.
"This new design is just so nice, so sensual… so forbidden."
I sit up and throw my legs over the side of the bed, my erotic attraction to these incredible cups
blessing me with the power to walk once again for the first time in two days.
I approach the can of holiday beverage containers and suddenly find myself completely
surrounded from every side.
"I don't know about this," I whisper, pressing up against one of the cups, "it feels so wrong."
"It's so right, though," he tells me.
Suddenly, my homosexual attraction is just too much to bear. Overwhelmed with lust, I drop
down to my knees between them and gaze up with an erotic fire in my eyes.
"Come on," I beg, "I want you guys to show me what the holiday spirit is all about!"
The cups immediately surround me, vying for position as they aggressively push their cocks into
my face from every angle.
"Holy shit." I cry out, slightly overwhelmed. I collect myself as best I can and, the next thing I
know, I have a beverage container dick in each hand, pumping my tight grip up and down the length of
their rock hard shafts. I quickly begin to alternate through the horny coffee vessels, moving from one
to the next with incredible efficiency. The beverage containers begin to moan loudly, clearly enjoying
the way that I'm servicing them.
"Do you like that?" I ask from down below. "Do you like the way that I beat those thick, gay,
non-denominational holiday cocks?"
The red containers in each hand are bucking against my movements, enjoying themselves
immensely as I kick the pace of my strokes into double time.
Suddenly overwhelmed with lust, I open my mouth wide and take one of the coffee cups deep
down into my throat. I can feel his cock traveling farther and farther within me until suddenly it stops
against the limits of my gag reflex. I retch slightly, pulling the cup out of me with a gasp and then
wiping the saliva from my lips.
"Let's try that again." I say, looking up at the holiday cup with confidence.
I open wide and take the beverage container deep into my throat again, only this time I'm ready.
As the rod drops deeper and deeper I do everything that I can to relax and I suddenly find myself
servicing the coffee cup in an expertly performed deep throat.
The beverage container places his red hands on the back of my head and I let him hold me here
from a while, clearly enjoying the powerful sensation of filling me with his papery manhood.
Eventually, the gay goblet lets me up and I come away from him with a large gasp, having just
enough time to collect myself before suddenly another one of the cups is grabbing me by the head and
shoving his cock down my throat, as well.
This container's dick is even larger than the first and he wastes no time between my wet lips,
fucking my face in a series of profound and powerful strokes. I reach up and play with his balls while
he uses me, then eventually find my way over to two other dicks, which I begin to stroke in tandem
with the holiday blowjob.
It's not long until this container passes me off to another coffee cup, and then another, and
another until finally all of the seasonal chalices have had a chance at taking me in the mouth. The
entire process had gotten me much more excited than I ever expected, and right now there is nothing I
want more than for one of these handsome cups to pound my tight gay asshole as hard as he can.
"I want you to fuck me." I suddenly say, pulling the dick out of my mouth and looking up at the
gang in a belligerent state of cock drunk lust. "Slam me full of your promotional holiday spirit!"
I fall forward onto my hands and knees, pulling my hospital gown off and then reaching back to
expose my puckered ass to the hunky beverage containers.
Almost immediately, one of the hung cups scoots into position behind me, aligning his girth with
my tightness.
"Do it!" I command. "Shove that fat Christmas dick up inside me right now! Show me how gay I
really am!"
"You mean fat holiday dick," the cup corrects me.
"That's exactly what I mean!" I scream. "Now do it!"
The cup pushes forward, stretching me to the brink as he slides into my butt. The coffee
container lets out a long moan and I quickly join him, the two of us filling the hospital room with our
howls of pleasure as he begins to thrust in and out of me with a series of slow and deliberate swoops.
I brace myself on the tile floor before me, pushing back against the goblet in perfect harmony with his
pumps inward.
"Fuck." I cry out. "That fucking dick feels so good inside of me."
The profanity continues to spill out of my mouth until suddenly one of the beverage containers
climbs down in front of me and shoves his massive dick down my throat, cutting me off and rendering
my words into a series of strange gargles.
Now pounded from either end, I can feel the warm sensation of prostate orgasm slowly begin to
build up from somewhere within me. I reach down and stroke my cock, helping myself along as the
sensations build and build until I'm just about ready to explode, when suddenly the cup behind me
pulls out and breaks my concentration.
The beverage container gives me a hard slap on the rear and then slides away, allowing another
one of the muscular goblets to take his place. Seconds later, this new cup is plowing into me, railing
me hard from behind while I moan and groan, my body still trapped between two huge, hard,
beverage container dicks.
Eventually, the cups begin to trade places within me just like they did before, each and every
one of them taking a turn to plow away at my asshole while my body trembles and shakes with
pleasure. The sensation is incredible, a feeling of being both completely used and carnally
worshipped. I'm loving every second of it.
"Come." One of the coffee containers orders in his deep, sexy voice.
"I'm trying!" I tell him.
"No, come." The coffee container repeats, pulling me forward so that I'm now straddling his
tipped over body. The thick paper cup reaches down and positions his cock at the entrance of my butt,
then guides me down slowly onto his length. I close my eyes and bite my lip, impaled completely onto
his shaft while the rest of the coffee containers watch and beat themselves off.
The second that this cup is fully inserted I begin to grind against him, riding with a firm pulse
that steadily grows faster and faster with every rotation.
"Fuck me! Fuck me!" I'm screaming now, my voice echoing throughout the building, echoing up
and down the halls of the busy hospital. "Fuck this tight gay ass!"
One of the other cups has snuck up behind me, and I don't even realize he's there until suddenly
I can feel the hard touch of his massive rod against the rim of my already filled back door. I look back
at him as a sly smile crawls across my face.
"Two at a time?" I laugh. "Why not? Let's make it a double shot, boys!"
The beverage container whose been knocking at my asshole thrusts forward, successful double
stuffing my body and causing me to cry out loud. My fingers dig into the cup below me as I try
desperately to adjust to the overwhelming sensation of two cocks deep within.
The sensation is utterly incredible, unlike anything I have ever felt, and it's not long before that
same orgasmic seed begins to blossom.
Immediately, I reach down and start to beat my cock, helping myself along. I can feel the
prostate orgasm building and building in beautiful waves of pleasure, each one of them expanding
farther and farther across my body until suddenly it explodes within me. I throw my head back and
scream with guttural intensity, shaking hard as my body struggles to contain all of this beautiful
sensation while cum ejects hard from the head of my cock. It feels as though the feeling will never end
until suddenly, it simply disappears and I collapse onto the beverage container in front of me.
Moments later, I roll off onto the floor and find myself surrounded by the entire handsome
collection of coffee cups. I look up at them with a steady satisfaction in my eyes, watching as they
rapidly approach their own powerful orgasms.
"Cover me in your fucking cum." I beg. "Plaster this face with all of your hot holiday loads."
Almost immediately, the coffee containers begin to explode, ejecting their pearly jizz across my
manly body as I lie sprawled out on the hospital floor below them. It rains down onto me and covers
me from head to toe, creating a thick glaze across my skin by the time they are all entirely finished.
I close my eyes and smile warmly, finally understanding the true meaning of the holiday spirit.
It's not about who can spend the most money at the mall, or who can get the most upset by someone
saying "Happy Holidays" instead of "Merry Christmas."
No, what the holidays are really about is who can get pounded in the butt by a cup that
represents not just one holiday, but every holiday. It's about having an open heart, and an open butt.