As far as bro's weekends go, a wine tasting is the last thing that I'd be likely to get excited about.
Still, it's Jeff's turn to pick and, for whatever reason, nobody else seems to have the same aversion to
Napa Valley as I do. If it were up to me, like it was last month, we'd be heading back to Vegas for
round two of strippers, gambling and black-out-drunk nights of insane debauchery.
"How much farther?" I ask from the back seat of our SUV, my head pressed hard against the
window as I stare out across the passing vineyards that line our drive through the hills. I'll readily
admit that the scenery is beautiful, but I'm still not all that excited to spend our whole weekend out
here. I'll take beautiful women over beautiful scenery any day.
"This wine better be fucking fantastic." I tell the rest of the car, clearly displaying my
disappointment.
I can see Pete glance back at me in the rear view mirror, his expression one of quiet
disapproval, but he says nothing.
"You don't like wine country?" Says our friend, Jeff, from the passenger seat. He seems just as
put off by my attitude as Pete does but, having picked the location this time around, Jeff has no
problem defending his position.
"Dude, they only chicks up here are like eighty years old!" I tell the guys in exasperation.
Pete rolls his eyes. "Alright, fine. You're right, there probably won't be a bunch of chicks up
here over the weekend."
"So why are we even going?" I ask, throwing my hands up.
"Because it's not always about chicks, man!" Pete tells me. "We're always out looking for
girls, for once can't we just chill as bros and enjoy some wine."
I let out a long sigh. "Sure dude, whatever."
The thing is, Pete's right and deep down I know it. Still, as the number one poon hound in our
frat, I've got a reputation to maintain. "I can't wait to get out of this fucking car and get drunk." I say
under my breath.
"Well, it looks like you won't have to wait very long." Jeff tells me as we crest over the top a
ridge and reveal the beautiful estate of Bilb's Vineyard.
The place is actually pretty impressive, an elegant resort surrounded by acres of beautiful
grapes that beckon us onward and up the winding hill. As we make our ascent we pass by a
wealthy looking elderly couple walking down the road.
"Oh my god!" I cry out. "You've gotta be kidding me. We're gonna be the youngest people
here by like six decades!"
Pete turns around in his chair. "Nick, chill the fuck out!"
I can tell by his tone that my buddy has finally had enough of my complaining and I back off. I'll
keep my mouth shut until he's had a chance to cool down. Who knows, maybe I could find a milf
around here somewhere if I put in a little effort.
We soon pull into the main parking area and stop the car, then all three of us climb out and take a
good look at our surroundings.
"I'm gonna head in a grab the room keys, you guys feel free to walk around for a bit." Jeff says,
taking off for the lobby.
Pete wanders over to the edge of the hill for a moment, checking out some of the vines up close.
Meanwhile, I'm already bored out of my skull, so I head towards what appears to be one of the main
tasting rooms.
I can see immediately that a small crowd of well-dressed men and women have gathered around
a guided, wine tasting tour. They're packed into a room on the side of the estate and the crowd spills
out onto the patio, which is where I walk up behind them and find a place to observe.
"And now we have a buttery, oaky wine made right here in our own backyard." Says a deep,
soothing voice.
I step forward a little more, trying to catch a glimpse of the speaker who stands before the
crowd and then stopping suddenly when I see him, my breath catching in my throat. Right there in
front of me is the most beautiful creature I have ever laid eyes on, towering over the others by a good
two or three feet. It's bigfoot, covered in fur and sipping leisurely from a glass of deep red wine.
Bigfoot puts the glass down and swallows, clearly enjoying the pleasant taste. "Let's form a
line now and you can all come up to try a sip." Bigfoot announces.
The group shifts to one side and forms and orderly queue leading up to bigfoot's table, where
the bottle of wine sits. I'm intrigued, and would love to have a taste, but I find myself unable to fall
into the queue. I'm completely spellbound by this magnificent beast, frozen in silence as I take in
every inch of his incredible features. The monster is more attractive than any human woman, or man
for that matter, that I've ever seen, a perfect specimen of pure, animalistic hotness.
Despite my best efforts, and the fact that I'm completely straight as an arrow, I find my cock
growing hard within my pants, aching as it stretches against its fabric prison.
"Excuse me… excuse me." I hear a voice coming faintly from behind me, snapping me out of
my trance.
I turn around a look down to see a little old woman.
"Are you waiting in line for the wine?" The old woman asks me.
"Oh!" I start, trying to collect my senses. "Yeah, I am. Sorry about that." I take a few steps
over and get into the line as it slowly creeps towards this powerful bigfoot sommelier.
My heart is pounding hard in my chest now, pumping gallons upon gallons of anxiety filled
blood throughout my body. Only a few more people in line before me until I'll come face to face with
the powerful bigfoot. I fix my hair a make sure my shirt is pressed as nicely as I can with my hands.
Finally, it's my turn for a sample of the wine.
"Hello." Says the bigfoot. "How'd you like a taste, sir?"
His imposing presence takes me off guard a bit and I start to stammer, reeling from swagger of
this hulking beast. "I… I would love a taste." I tell him.
The bigfoot starts to pour me a glass very slowly and for a moment the entire world seems to
stand still, a massive bubble surrounding the two of us in a romantic sphere of attraction. Me and this
bigfoot are the only ones who matter right now; me, him and an incredible glass of wine.
"This is our signature Pinot Noir." Says the bigfoot. "Aged fifteen years for a delicious woody
finish that I'm sure you'll find very pleasing. This is one of my personal favorite wine's here at
Bilb's Vineyard."
As I take the glass from the bigfoot's massive hand our fingers briefly touch, which sends a
sharp chill down my spine. For a moment our eyes meet and I find myself overwhelmed by an
incredible warm that immediately consumes my soul. I'm not gay, but I want to be with this amazing
beast, more than anything I've ever wanted in my life.
"You're gonna have to drink it if you want to taste it." The bigfoot tells me with a wry smile.
I glance down at the glass, snapping out of my brief lover's trance as reality comes flooding
back. "Oh… Yeah." I stammer. "Sorry."
I smile coyly as I lift the glass to my lips and take a sip, instantly hit with a powerful, almost
sensual, taste. "Oh my god." I murmur.
"Good, right?" Says the bigfoot.
At this point I notice that this majestic creature is watching me just as closely as I've been
watching him, his eyes transfixed upon my toned, muscular body as it moves under my tight white
shirt. The connection between us is flowing now, moving gracefully back and forth in a strange,
unspoken rhythm. A game of cat and mouse played out in subtle movements and looks.
"I'm Torbo Gulgot" The bigfoot suddenly says, extending his hand.
I reach out and give him a firm handshake, barely able to contain my smoldering arousal. "I'm
Nick, it's nice to meet you Torbo."
Our hands remain in one another's for slightly longer than you'd expect before Torbo lets go.
He takes the glass back and sets it on the counter. "You seem like you have quiet an interest in wine
tasting." Torbo observes. "And a great pallet."
I nod. "I hope so."
"Do you have any interest in mixing things up?" Torbo asks, a fierce directness in his
expression. "Have you ever considered being the one who is tasted?"
I can't help the confusion that immediately crosses my face. "I'm not sure what you mean."
"Have you ever been…" Torbo let's his deep, sultry voice hang in the air for emphasis.
"Tasted?"
"No." I tell him. "I don't think so."
The bigfoot cracks a devilish grin. "Why don't you come back here at eleven tonight and I'll
show you?" The creature asks.
"Alright." I confirm nervously. "Sounds good bro."
The beast hesitates and then suddenly everything about his demeanor changes as he straightens
up and looks past me at the following person in line. "Next!"
I move out of the way and let the next taster pass, still slightly shaken from my encounter. As the
anxiety begins to leave my bloodstream and I begin to stumble back towards my friends, I can't help
up look longingly over my shoulder at the mighty bigfoot sommelier. Our eyes meet for a split
second, and then he's back to work without another acknowledgement of the moment we just shared.
Out in the parking lot once again, I almost immediately hear the voice of Jeff calling me back
over to the car. The guys are all waiting for me with disappointment written all over them.
"Well, it looks like you got your wish." Jeff says, clearly a little upset. "We're going home."
"Why?" I start. "What happened?"
"There was a problem with the rooms." Jeff tells me. "I don't know why, but for some reason
the booking didn't go through. We've got no place to stay."
My heart sinks immediately, a freight train of tragic disappointment crushing my soul within
seconds of the words leaving Jeff's mouth and hitting my ears.
"But we can't" I stammer. "I need to go to the wine tasting tonight."
"A wine tasting?" Pete cuts in with a wicked smirk. "I thought you wanted to get out of here as
soon as possible and find some chicks."
As Pete says this I'm hit with a strange wave of nostalgia, a faint memory of a life that once
was. Even though it was just minutes before, my life of chasing women seems like it's an entire
decade behind me. Now that I've tasted the succulent flavor of gay bigfoot desire, the thought of
anything else, especially human women, seems laughably insufficient.
But of course, the guys aren't going to understand that. How could they?
"I'm over that." Is all that I tell them. "This place is pretty cool, actually."
Jeff just shakes his head. "Well that's good to know, but it's too late now. We don't have a
room to stay in. No vacancies."
"None at all?" I ask, getting desperate but trying to hide it. There's no way that I'm missing my
private meeting with Torbo tonight.
Jeff eyes me suspiciously, sensing that something is up. "Why do you want to stay so bad now,
bro?" He asks.
"You wouldn't understand." I tell Jeff, shaking my head.
"Try me." My friend pushes. "What's up?"
I let out a long sigh. "Have you guys ever met someone who, the second you lay eyes on them,
you just know they're gonna mean something important to you."
My friends awkwardly exchange glances with one another.
"Yeah, sure." Jeff offers. "What happened? You already met a girl?"
I shake my head. "No bro… a bigfoot."
Jeff seems confused at first, unsure of what to make of my strange admission. "Like the big
monster that lives in the woods?"
"Yeah." I explain. "He's the sommelier here, I just met him. He's giving me a private wine
tasting later."
There seems to be a sudden wash of understanding over the gang as they nod slowly, their hearts
resonating with the powerful love that I display for Torbo.
"Alright." Jeff says, getting on board. "They don't have enough room for all of us, but there's a
single room left if you want to get it for yourself, Nick."
My eyes light up with excitement. "Seriously?"
"Yeah man, it's cool. But you're gonna have to figure out a ride back into town."
Right now a ride back is last thing on my mind, but I appreciate his concern. "It's all good." I
tell the gang. "You guys head back, I'll figure it out. I've gotta get ready for my date tonight."
At precisely eleven o' clock I find myself waiting outside the tasting room. What was once an
open and inviting place has since been closed up and locked, long white shades drawn across the
entirety of the massive, vineyard-facing windows. However, from where I can stand I can clearly
make out some movement inside as a shadow crosses the dimly lit room.
I rap gently a few times on the glass and, moments later, the door swings inward, revealing
Torbo's handsome, bigfoot face.
"Hello." Torbo says with a smile, stepping back and waving me inside. "Welcome!"
I step into the wine room, trying my best not to act too nervous and failing miserably. "Thanks
for having me."
"Let me take your jacket for you." Torbo offers, a perfect gentleman as he removes my suit's
blazer from my shoulders.
I've gone full suit and tie for the evening, dressed to impress.
"You look good." Torbo tells me, flat out.
I can't help but blush slightly, my heart skipping a beat at his blatant flirting. I walk over to the
same table that Torbo had served me wine at earlier in the day, expecting him to come around the
other side and pull out whatever bottle's he got in mind, but instead the giant, hairy bigfoot steps up
behind me.
"What is this?" I gasp, my voice filled with anticipation as Torbo's muscular frame envelopes
me with its hairy warmth. The answer is obvious, however, and I know it.
"I told you I wanted you to come in for a private tasting." The majestic beast tells me. "I didn't
tell you exactly what I wanted to taste though."
"What do you want to taste?" I whimper, my erect cock pressing hard against the fabric of my
pants.
"Your ass." Torbo reveals. Without hesitation, he reaches around to the front and unbuttons my
belt buckle, undoing it swiftly and then yanking down my slacks.
I let out a startled gasp as Torbo pushes me forward, leaning me over the table in a pose of
erotic gay submission. From where I'm positioned now, I can't even manage to look back and see
him, but I can feel Torbo's massive, hairy hands moving across my lower body, teasing me
relentlessly as my dick aches for release from my boxer briefs.
As if reading my mind, the bigfoot suddenly rips down my underwear as well, unleashing my
rock hard dick. More importantly, though, Torbo has exposed my asshole to the open air, and
moments later I can feel him pushing his furry face between my ass cheeks.
"Oh my god." I gasp. As a straight man, I've never had anyone explore that region before, and
especially not with their tongue. At first, I'm not exactly sure if I like it, but as Torbo continues to lap
at my puckered asshole, I find myself loosening up and enjoying the ride. Soon enough, I'm
overwhelmed by arousal and can't help reaching back to grab my ass cheeks with both hands,
spreading myself wide so that Torbo can feast blissfully on my human butt.
"That feels so fucking good." I moan, reeling from the sensation.
Torbo pulls back for a moment. "It tastes good, too. The creature tells me. There is a definite
high note of rose, with some smooth, buttery lows and a fine nutty finish. This is a delicious asshole."
"Thank you." I tell him, my words cutting off abruptly as Torbo dives back in and causes my
breath to catch in my throat. "God damn, that feels so good."
Just when I think that my pleasure can't be elevated to an even higher plateau, my bigfoot lover
does exactly that, reaching between my legs and grabbing ahold of my thick rod with his massive
bigfoot paw. The creature begins to pump his firm grip up and down my length as he eats my asshole,
causing my body to spasm and quake in all kinds of unfamiliar ways.
"Oh fuck." I start to murmur over and over again. "Oh fuck, oh fuck."
The intense pleasure loosens my grip on space and time, setting my mind adrift in a sea of
unquantifiable sexual bliss. I feel like I've been standing here forever with this bigfoot's face buried
in my ass, when suddenly Torbo pulls back and spins me around.
The powerful beast stands and hoists me up onto the table, spreading my legs and then
gracefully swallowing my rod into his warm bigfoot mouth. He takes me deep, expertly relaxing his
already massive throat as his black lips reach the base of my rod. The monster holds there for a
moment, letting me thoroughly enjoy the sensation of his depths before letting me up and allowing me
a large gulp of air. The next thing I know, he's back at it, only now Torbo gets to work pumping his
huge bigfoot head over the length of my shaft like a beastly jackhammer.
"Fuck, that feels so good." I moan, moving my hips to the rhythm of Torbo's mouth. I'm ready
to blow now, but as much as I enjoy the way Torbo is servicing me, I crave nothing more in the world
than to taste his huge bigfoot dick for myself.
After a moment, I push Torbo back and slip off of the table, climbing down onto the ground in
front of him.
"Do you think I could suck on that fat cock of yours?" I beg, submitting myself to this beautiful
bigfoot wine expert. "I'd love a taste for myself."
Torbo obliges, unzipping his pants and pulling out the biggest dick I've ever seen; long, hairy
and standing at full attention. He places his member so that it rests gently against my puckered lips,
letting me kiss the head of his shaft and then lick him from balls to tip. After admiring Torbo's phallic
beauty for a while, I just can't take waiting any longer and swallow his dick hungrily.
Torbo let's out a deep sigh as I take him down as far as I can, stopping only when his length
reaches my gag reflex and I retch slightly, unprepared for his incredible size. I come up and take in a
frantic gasp of air, trying to relax in the face of the creature's daunting manhood.
"Too much to take for a straight boy?" Torbo laughs.
I shake my head. "I've got this, bro."
Immediately, I take Torbo between my lips for a second attempt, pushing down farther and
farther until he slides confidently past my gag reflex in a beautifully performed deep throat.
The chiseled creature has removed his shirt, and I look up at the once mythical beast admiringly,
taking in his incredible body from my viewpoint down below. Torbo places his hands on the back of
my head and starts to pump me up and down, guiding my lips across his length as he fucks my
handsome face.
The beast is somehow powerful and gentle with my body at the same time, careful not to hurt me
but definitely enjoying his display of power while he uses me like a gay human play toy. Torbo
moves me slowly at first, taking long deep thrusts into my throat as he groans happily, then begins to
speed up within me until eventually he's slamming his cock into my mouth with rapid brutality. I'm
loving every seconds of it.
As Torbo continues to have his way with me, I reach down between my legs and get to work
beating off my cock. My stomach clenches tight as I move myself along, the chills bubbling farther
and farther across my body until eventually I find myself hovering near the realm of a powerful
orgasm. I start to moan into the dick that plugs my mouth, the sound vibrating through Torbo's dark
flesh until suddenly, the beast pulls himself out and hoists me up next to him.
Torbo knows exactly what he wants and he moves with confidence, spinning me around with a
single rough tug and then pushing me up against one of the wine racks. He saddles up behind me with
his massive, muscular body, aligning his cock with the entrance of my untouched, previously straight
asshole.
"Do it!" I scream. "Shove that giant bigfoot dick into my tight little brohole!"
Torbo doesn't have to be told twice, immediately trusting forward and stretching the limits of
my puckered butt. I can feel myself expand around the girth of his cock, my insides stretching to the
brink as his throbbing bigfoot shaft slides deeper and deeper within my ass. I brace myself against
the rack before me, but can't help looking back to watch Torbo's enormous bigfoot snake slides up
inside.
When Torbo finally reaches the hilt I let out a long satisfied string of expletives, trying
desperately to find the words for this incredible sensation that fills my ripped body. I can't, so Torbo
helps me.
"Tell me you like that big, fat bigfoot sommelier cock." The creature commands with his deep
voice.
"I love that bigfoot sommelier cock!" I tell him, my words trembling as the movements of his
dick begin to slowly speed up.
"You're a bad bay aren't you?" Torbo demands to know.
"I'm so bad." I tell him, my eyes rolling back into my head. "I shouldn't love fucking this big
bigfoot dick so much; but I do, I really do."
Torbo slaps my toned ass hard, sending a shiver of excitement down my spine. He's railing into
me frantically now, pumping in and out with all of his muscular force while I hang onto the wine rack
for dear life.
I can't believe that this incredible beast is really fucking me, taking pleasure in my body as we
share a moment of mutual carnal bliss. I've submitted myself to him completely, and yet somehow I
feel free; free to explore sex the way that I'd like to do if there was no shame or guilt associated with
our desires.
"Harder!" I scream at Torbo. "Turn me gay!"
He's going as fast as he can, but I want more. I want him to absolutely pummel my asshole, to
fuck me harder than I've ever been fucked before, leaving my legs wobbly and my eyes wet with
lustful gay tears.
"Harder!" I demand again. "Fuck me like the dirty gaybro that I am!"
Torbo suddenly grabs me from the rack and spins me around, lifting me back up onto the table
once more. He grabs my legs and lifts them back so that they rest against either one of his hulking,
muscular shoulders and then aligns his cock with the already reamed entrance of my asshole.
"You want it hard, huh?" Torbo asks. "Let's see how you handle this."
"Shove it in!" I command. "Slam my bro ass with that thick fucking cock!"
Inspired by my verbal motivation, Torbo pushes deep into my butt, which expands wide to
accommodate the girth of the monster's huge member.
"Holy shit!" I cry out, my hands gripping the edge of the table tightly. "My tasty bro ass!"
Torbo is pulsing in and out of me with slow, deliberate movements, my legs spread wide by his
huge, muscular arms.
"You're fucking me so good." I tell him. "Let's blow our loads together, bigfoot bro."
Torbo nods in agreement, and I reach down to my rock hard cock. I begin to pleasure myself
again with one hand as Torbo pumps faster and faster into my tight asshole, his thrusts gaining speed
until he is railing my butt with everything that he's got. My legs bounce in the air on either side of the
powerful monster.
"I'm almost there!" I cry out.
"Me too, me too." Torbo tells me, not letting up for even a second.
"I'm so close!" I moan.
Suddenly, it hits me like a freight train. My entire body seizes up and I clench forward, then
seconds later everything explodes with orgasmic pleasure, throwing my head back off of the edge of
the table. I arch up and cry out with a powerful yell, my body barely able to contain all of the
incredible sensations that flow through it. "Fuck!" I shout as jizz blasts from the head of my shaft.
Torbo immediately plows forward and holds deep within me, letting out an anguished cry of his
own. I can feel his load eject hard inside of my rear, pumping my asshole full of his thick, milky
spunk as the beast's eyes remain tightly shut, his teeth gritted.
"Fuck!" Torbo groans, the eruptions of jizz still flowing until finally there's just not enough
room within my asshole and then semen comes spurting out of the sides. It runs in streaks down from
the edges of my plugged hole, cutting thick streams of white down the curve of my toned ass and onto
the table below.
Finally, Torbo falls back, panting with exhaustion. A satisfied smile slowly creeps across his
devilishly handsome face. "Now that was satisfying." Torbo tells me.
The next time that I see the guys a year has passed. Me and Torbo have started a vineyard of our
own and are living peacefully in the countryside, far away from the hectic buzz of the big city.
I can hear the gangs loud, thundering bass as my friends pull up the front gravel drive, and I
come out to greet them with open arms. It's been a while, and I can't wait to share my now life with
them.
"Whoa, this is amazing." Pete tells me, giving me a warm hug and then pulling back to look me
up and down. "You look good dude, you been working out?"
I nod. "Yeah, me and Torbo run through the hills every morning, it's kind of our thing."
"This is beautiful." Jeff interjects. "Thanks so much for having us up here for a guys weekend."
"Absolutely." I tell them.
"I feel like it was just yesterday that you were complaining about going to a wine tasting… and
now you're having us out here for one." Jeff laughs. "So crazy."
A smile slowly crosses my face. "Oh no, it's not a wine tasting." I tell them.
"It's not?" Jeff asks. The guys exchange confused glances.
"It's a tasting." I clarify. "Just not wine."
"I don't get it." Pete admits. "What's going on here?"
I laugh and take Pete's bag out of his hand, then turn and start heading for the house. "You'll
see." I tell the gang. "But first there's a nice group of bigfeet that I'd like you to meet, Torbo's
friends from the deep woods. You're gonna love them."
"Oh yeah?" Jeff asks. "Why is that?"
"Because they've got great taste." I tell him.