There are a lot of things about fame that make life easier, but there are just as many that make it much,
much more difficult.
On the positive side, I rarely have to make a reservation anywhere; simply showing up at a
restaurant guarantees me a seat at even the finest establishments. In fact, forget restaurants all together,
someone in my position can pretty much get whatever they want, whenever they want it. If I walk into
a store and the owner recognizes me, I'll probably be able to take away any items on the house, or at
least as a substantial discount.
Its just good business for them. After all, who wouldn't want their products photographed
around town being enjoyed by the world famous actor, Leonardo Decaprico.
Of course, the constant swarm of paparazzi invading your life left and right is one of the
many negatives in all of this, and that lack of privacy can really get you down in ways that the average
person would never even think of.
It certainly makes it difficult to relax, always reminding yourself to not sit the wrong way or
make a weird face. You never know when one of those tiny cameras is going to pop out of the nearby
bushes and start snapping away. They always use the least flattering shot, too, because that's what
sells magazines.
But the worst part about being under constant public scrutiny is that, no matter now
successful you are overall, your few failures will always be amplified and on display for the entire
world to see.
After all, what's more of a failure than the man who can have anything he want's not getting
the one thing that he truly needs, an award for most handsome buckaroo.
The Academy of Handsome Buckaroos is a powerful and deep rooted organization, formed
over sixty years ago as a way for the Hollywood elite to congratulate themselves on their own
handsomeness. It quickly became a tradition to vote on which actor or actress was the most
handsome, which films were the cutest, and who had the nicest butt.
It's been years since then, and the Handsome Buckaroo Awards have done nothing but grow
over time, eventually turning into the behemoth entertainment juggernaut that they are today. Now,
anyone who wants to be taken seriously in this town and officially recognized as a true handsome
buckaroo is going to need a little help from the academy. Specifically, to be awarded with one of
those tiny gold statues that lets the whole world know, once in for all, you are a handsome man.
Herein lies the problem. Despite the fact that I am a well liked, talented and incredibly
famous actor, I still don't have an award of my own. I've been nominated more times than I can count,
but for some reason or another I always seem to have the trophy snatched away from me at the last
second by some other dark horse nominee.
I've been through all of the stages of grief already.
First I was in denial, assuming that there must me some kind of mistake in which the ballots
were being counted. Surely, a man as handsome as I am couldn't possibly be coming in second place
this many times, my heart broken over and over again on those fateful nights when the winner was
called out and it wasn't me. Clearly, fraud or conspiracy must have been the culprit, I would think, but
eventually I came to teams with the fact that this entire train of thought is utterly ridiculous. The votes
are counted by a completely independent firm, free from any tampering.
Next comes anger, which I will readily admit was not a pleasant time in my life. The photos
will still haunt me, my bright red sports car crashed into the side of a hotel on the Sunset Strip, smoke
rising up from the wreckage as me and two gorgeous strippers stumble out amid the strobing camera
flashes.
I have never been more self-destructive than I was back then, but eventually the stage of
bargaining came around to set me straight. Suddenly, I was trying to plan my next move as
methodically as possible, only accepting film roles that could put me in the position to be incredibly,
incredibly handsome. Of course, the academy can see though that in a second, and although I still
garnered quite a few nominations, I remained utterly winless.
The stage of depression came soon after, sticking around for quite a while as I drowned my
sorrows in strong alcohol and more drugs. I can barely remember anything back then, just that I finally
must have hit bottom because the next thing I know I was finally accepting the situation that I was in
and working to get out of it.
I started taking roles without caring how handsome they'd make me look and, of course, I hit
on one that changed the game for me completely.
That movie, of course, was The Revenass, the harrowing tale of a handsome buckaroo lost in
the snow for hours and hours after narrowly surviving a bigfoot attack. When we were shooting, the
only thing on my mind was the question of how to make this the best performance that I possibly
could. Forget the awards, what's it going to take to make this move great?
We finished shooting and I honestly didn't think much of it until suddenly, one day, the
reviews started coming in. Everyone in Hollywood was talking about The Revenass, and specifically
my performance. There was murmuring behind closed doors that this could finally be the role that got
me my first statue, a little gold man with the words "most handsome buckaroo" etched across the front
plate.
So here I am now, adjusting my tie in the mirror of my Hollywood Hills mansion as I try my
best not to be nervous. I tell myself that it's just an award, northing more, but this line of thought
doesn't seem to work out as far as calming me down. I'm smart enough to know that it's not just an
award, that winning a statue from The Academy of Handsome Buckaroos would change my life
forever.
I'm so nervous, and I never get nervous at award shows. Of course, there is more to be
anxious about than just the awards themselves. If I could remind you of our earlier conversation about
living in the limelight, it sucks to have the eye of the world on you for every single failure. If I lose
this award again, I don't even know what I'm going to do with myself.
Honestly, I might quit being handsome all together.
Of course, I don't say this as I walk slowly down the red carpet, hounded by interviewers
left and right as they thrust their bulbous black microphones into my face from every direction. They
all have the same question, is this your year to finally win for most handsome buckaroo?
I try to be as measured and political as I can when answering. No matter how obvious it may
be that I want this award, just coming right out and saying it would be more than a little off putting to
the masses watching back at home. People like their celebrities humble and thankful, which I certainly
am, but that doesn't me I don't yearn for this award at the deepest core of my soul.
Honestly, there is nothing I have ever wanted more in my entire life, no craving that I have
ever been so hell bent on satiating with every fiber of my being.
A muscular man approaches, smiling and introducing himself as the new host of Butt
Entertainment Weekly. We shake hands as the camera behind him brightly illuminates my smiling face.
"Big night!" announces the charismatic host, as if I didn't already know. "You've been to so
many events like this by now, Leo. Do you still get nervous?"
I put on my biggest smile, lying through my teeth. "You know, I try not to think about it too
much, I'm just here to have a good time."
"People are saying this is your year," the reporter continues. "You've been nominated so
many times in the past, though, and something always seems to stand in your way. Do you think this
could actually be it?"
"There's a lot of really handsome guys nominated this year," I tell him. "It could be anyone's
award at this point."
The reporter tries to follow up but at that moment I feel the hand of my manager, Jerber, on
my back, the man pushing me along to the next slew of cameras. I continue to answer their
questions the best that I can, artfully dodging the most probing ones or simply lying my way thought
the rest. Honestly, it's exhausting, but once I walk up onto that stage and take what is rightfully mine it
will all have been worth it. I didn't toil away in subzero temperatures for months on end for nothing.
Eventually, we get inside and I find my seat near the very front of the auditorium, laughing
and joking with some of the other actors nearby but secretly screaming with anxiety on the inside. The
closer we get to the ceremony, the more I begin to realize how horrifically embarrassing it's going to
be if I lose. If that envelope is opened and my name is not on it, I don't know if I can hold my fake
smile any longer. This could actually be the moment that I crack, the moment that I storm up onto the
stage, grab the microphone and give everyone out there in Hollywood, and across the world, a piece
of my mind.
I deserve to win the award for most handsome buckaroo, dammit. I know that I do.
The curtains go down and the show begins as expected, with a large-scale musical number
that mixes song, dance and comedy. Of course, it's not long before the inevitable jokes about my
several nominations with no win begin pouring in, and I do my best to take them in stride. I keep
reminding myself that there are cameras pointed at me all the time, and at any moment they could cut
to a live feed of my reaction, broadcasting it out across the entire country.
The actual distribution of awards soon gets under way, and from the look of things the tide is
pushing in my favor. My film, The Revenass, begins picking up wins left and right in what appears to
be the beginning of a clean sweep. We take down plenty of technical achievements in butt lighting and
anal effects, while my co-star and supporting actor Torgot Bulbos receives the first award that a
bigfoot has ever received, making history.
As the night continues, I can't help but notice something strange bubbling up within my mind
whenever the awards are brought out on stage. Of course, these are objects of great desire to me so
my attention is quickly drawn, my gaze lingering on their smooth, golden bodies under the bright lights
of the stage. But there is something more than just a feverish desire to win that courses through my
veins, building as the night stretches onward until I eventually find myself trembling with desire,
unable to deny it any longer.
I suddenly realize that, to my own dismay, I've found myself incredibly attracted to these
beautiful award statues.
The crowd suddenly erupts into applause as a man walks out on stage, holding an envelope
and smiling wide with a set of pearly white teeth. It's none other than world class actor Toms Cruz,
who happened to be last years winner of the most handsome buckaroo award after his incredible
performance in Pounded By The Gay Unicorn Football Squad: The Movie.
"Thank you, thank you," Toms Cruz says, waving to the audience.
The actor steps out in front of a podium and then takes a deep breath, his gaze drifting across
the crowd as he collects his thoughts.
"There are a lot of awards tonight, and they all matter," begins Toms Cruz, "they really do.
But this award right here, most handsome buckaroo, will always be close to my heart. I was lucky
enough to win last year and I have to say that my relationship with my award has never been better.
We are still going strong after all of this time and he has taught me so much."
The audience bursts into another round of applause, clearly happy to hear that things have
worked out so well for Toms and his golden statue.
"Now it's my turn to present someone else with this incredible recognition," continues Toms
Cruz. "Just like it was presented to me."
The actor turns around to look up at a giant screen behind him. "The nominees are," he
states.
Immediately, a clip of actor Matts Danon appears on the screen. "Matts Danon for Space
Raptor Butt Invasion." More clips begin to appear. "Mikey Fassbaster for Computer Man, Byron
Crampson for Buttbo, Eddie Ready for The Donut Girl, and Leonardo Decaprico for The Revenass."
The crowd cheers again and then a soft drumroll begins, the sound echoing out through the
entire auditorium. I suddenly realize how hard I've been gripping the edge of my chair, my heart
pounding fast in my chest as sweat begins to form on my brow. I'm fully aware that, now more than
ever, all of the attention is on me, yet I can no longer seem to will myself to relax.
All of my career as an actor flashes before my eyes, from my stint as an annoying younger
brother on a sitcom decades ago, to all of the previous years that I'm been nominated but never
actually won.
"And the winner is…" Toms Cruz starts, letting his words hang out in the air before him as
the audience waits with rapt attention. "Leonardo Decaprico."
The wave of relief that washes over me is so beautiful it can hardly be described, and for a
moment I actually wonder if I'm going to faint right then and there. I stand up, completely on autopilot
as I make my way towards the stage. People reach out and shake my hand as I pass by them,
congratulating me on a job well done. I know that this is what they're doing because I've seen it
happen to other winners over the years, but I personally have no idea what these people are saying as
my brain shuts out their words. My focus is singular, I just need to make it up onto the stage without
tripping or making a fool of myself.
Somehow, I actually manage to ascend the stairs and arrive at the podium with Toms Cruz,
who gives me a friendly hug. We've worked together before, and I'm sure he was pulling for me
along with the rest of the nation who've all tuned in to see this incredible moment.
"Thank you," I say into the microphone, ready to give my speech when suddenly the award
catches my eye at the edge of the stage. The statues muscular body halts my voice immediately,
completely overwhelming me as he struts his way to the podium.
Like all the most handsome buckaroo awards, my statue is fit as can be, incredible gorgeous
and carved to perfection. He is tall, handsome and gold, about two inches larger than I am and
sporting a chiseled jaw with a cute, boyish smile to match.
The most apparent thing about this particular award, however, is the absolutely massive cock
that hangs down between his metallic legs.
"Oh my god," I mumble, the statue drawing closer as his cock begins to twitch and grow.
Apparently, he's just as excited to see me as I am to see him.
Suddenly, I remember where I am and collect myself as quickly as possible. I stand up
straight and look out across the captive audience while the statue arrives next to me, putting his
golden arm around my waist and pulling me a little closer than I would have expected out here in the
public eye.
"First of all, I want to thank my family for supporting me during those early years. They were
always around to drive me to acting class and to pick me up from the movies when I'd go catch a
matinee by myself. They've always supported my love of the craft. I want to thank my manager,
Jerber, for always believing in me, but most of all I want to thank the fans who have supported me
though all of these previous nominations."
There is a raucous applause from the audience, who are clearly right there with me in this
moment, hanging on every word.
"I've been dreaming about this for a long time now," I continue, glancing over at the award
who stands proudly next to me. "I want it to be perfect."
I suddenly find myself at a loss for words, my eyes locked onto the statues incredible body. I
begin to rub my hand along the small of his toned back, which immediately makes the award's cock
rise up once more, growing larger and larger with every second until it has ballooned into a full on
erection.
I fully expect the audience to gasp and look away from the sight of this brazen erotic display,
but they do nothing of the sort. Right now, we are all in this together, a moment of deep love and
sincerity for the entire Academy of Handsome Buckaroos to enjoy. Everyone can see the love that I
have for this beautiful award, and not a single one of them is judging me.
Toms Cruz steps away from the stage, backing over to the wings as he realizes the gravity of
this moment. Now it's just the award and I, holding each other close under the hot white lights above.
"I've wanted you for so long," I tell my award softly, turning to nuzzle myself against his
golden shoulder.
"I've wanted you, too," the statue admits, his words filling my heart with a deep, joyful ache.
"I've craved your fingers around me."
"Oh yeah?" I ask, playfully. "Around what part?"
The award says nothing, but takes my hand in his and then begins to slowly guide it down the
front of his toned stomach. Eventually, it arrives at his massively engorged cock, my fingers wrapping
tightly around the award's thick shaft.
The audience watches as I drop down to my knees before this massive statue, looking up at
him with lustful eyes as I begin to slowly stroke him off. I move my hand back and forth across his
shaft in a series of firm, powerful strokes, eventually gaining speed until I am jerking him with
unbridled enthusiasm.
"You like getting stoked off my the most handsome buckaroo of the year?" I ask. "Does that
feel good?"
"Fuck yeah," the golden statue tells me, then leans his head back and lets out a long, satisfied
groan. The award pumps his hips along with the rhythm of my hand, clearly enjoying himself.
I am completely lost in the moment, overwhelmed with desire for this prestigious award. I
don't care that the whole world is watching us, hanging on every word as we express ourselves in a
flagrant display of ferocious homosexuality.
Of course, I'm not actually gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I've simply
never found myself attracted to another man. However, a handsome award and a handsome guy are
two very different things.
Driven mad with lust, I open my mouth wide and take the award's shaft between my lips,
bobbing up and down a few times before retracting him again. A long thread of saliva hangs from my
lips and connects to the head of his enormous rod.
"You taste amazing," I inform the golden statue, "like victory."
Before he has a chance to respond I swallow him down once more, this time pushing his
length as far as I can into my throat. He slips deeper and deeper within me, eventually reaching the
limits of my gag reflex. Somehow, I'm able to relax enough that the award continues onward, past my
previous limits in a stunning deep throat.
The award holds me here for a moment, my face pressed hard against his beautifully sculpted
abs until I've just about to run out of air. Finally, the statue lets me up with a gasp, only moments
away from passing out but pleasantly satisfied by the rough treatment. I want to be punished by my
award for most handsome buckaroo, I want him to let me feel the godlike vastness of his mighty
power.
"Fuck me," I demand, standing up again and tearing away my tie. I throw it to the side of the
stage, my jacket coming off soon after and then quickly unbuttoning my shirt along with it. Soon
enough, I am completely naked before the packed auditorium, my toned body on display for the entire
world to see.
I lean forward and brace myself on the podium, turning so that my ass is pointed out towards
the handsome, hulking statue behind me.
"Do it!" I command. "Show me who the real winner is."
"You're the real winner," the award tells me, stepping up behind me and aligning his
enormous cock with the puckered entrance of my tight backdoor.
"Say it again," I demand.
"You're not just a nominee. You're the winner of the most handsome buckaroo award!" the
statue yells, and then trusts forward.
I let out a loud yelp, my grip tightening against the podium as the award's dick slides deep
down inside of me. I had already experienced his massive rod with my hands and mouth, but taking
the statue anally is another experience completely. I feel as though my body is going to be torn in half
by the sheer size of his mammoth cock, stretched to the brink as my rectum struggles to adjust. Every
movement fills me with both pain and pleasure as the handsome award begins to slowly pump in and
out of me.
Eventually, though, I somehow manage to open myself up and accept his powerful anal gift.
The pain in this cocktail of sensations has melted away, replaced by a dull throbbing ache that grows
and grows within. I soon realize that the feeling I am experiencing is that of a looming prostate
orgasm.
"Oh god, you're fucking me so good!" I announce, my words echoing out across the
audience.
I reach down and begin to beat myself off in time with the awards thrusting, the simmering
orgasm continuing to bloom within me. I'm trembling with excitement, the blissful feelings pulsing
across my body in a series of waves that grow progressively larger and larger.
"I'm gonna cum!" I scream. "I'm gonna blow my fucking load all over this fucking stage!"
Suddenly, the statue pulls out of me, causing my approaching orgasm to dissipate completely.
"What the fuck!" I cry in desperation, spinning around.
"Not yet," says the award, a deep wisdom in his voice. "You've been waiting for a long time
to be on this stage. Savor it."
He's right, there's plenty of time for the real fireworks. For now, I need to just go with the
flow and appreciate what I have, the most handsome buckaroo award buried deep within my ass.
I watch as the statue lies down on the stage, the beacons me to come over to him.
I do as I'm told, walking over to the award and standing above him, looking down at a
massive tower of golden metal that has sprung for from his body as a massive erection. I know
exactly what to do, squatting so that the whole auditorium can get a good look at my muscular gay
butt. I carefully align the statue's cock with my already reamed back down and then push download,
letting out a long, low moan as my butthole stretches to surround his massive dick.
Lower and lower I drift until finally I am impaled completely on the award's thickness, then
begin to lift myself up and down across his length. I look back over my shoulder towards the
audience, their eyes trained on my bouncing rump.
"Thank you," I say, overflowing with gratitude and sincerity. "Thank you for finally seeing
what I can do as an actor and as a handsome man."
The applause begins again, softly at first and then rising as I begin to speed up my pumps
against the beautiful award. Soon enough, the crowd is absolutely roaring with a deafening applause,
the entire audience rising to their feet in respect of my thespian craft, as well as my anal prowess.
I can feel that same orgasmic sensation return again, swimming through me in a powerful,
visceral current. I'm quaking with ecstasy, my entire body spasming as I fuck my award harder and
harder.
Suddenly, from the loudspeakers above I can hear a familiar orchestral piece begin to play,
the same piece that I've heard time and time again while watching others accept their award. They are
playing me off; there's not much time left.
I reach down and grab onto my cock, beating myself off with frantic enthusiasm. "I'm so
close!" I tell the award.
"I am too," he says. "Do it! Blast your hot load all over my golden chest!"
"Oh fuck!" I scream, throwing my head back.
The orgasm hits me like a truck, blasting through me in an overwhelming moment of blissed
out gayness that seems to last forever. I shut my eyes tight and feel my balls tense up, ejecting rope
after sticky rope of swirling white jizz across the abs of the statue below me.
Immediately, the award grabs my hips and holds me in place, trusting deep as his gigantic
payload erupts up into my asshole. I can feel him filling me with pump after pump of hot spunk until
finally there's just not enough room left in my tight hole and his seed comes spilling out of me,
splattering onto the stage below us.
The audience is deafeningly loud as I stand up from my award, helping him to his feet and
then taking a bow next to each other. This is truly a moment that I will never forget, an incredible
achievement for all buckaroos who have ever dared to dream.
With the symphony playing, my award and me turn and then walk off of the stage, the cum
still leaking from my asshole in a pearly trail behind us.
"That was the most beautiful moment of my entire life," the award whispers.
"Don't worry," I tell him, "well be back next year. I'm not stopping until there's enough of
you for a gangbang."
The statue pulls me close. "I love you, Leonardo Decapricio."
"I love you, too," I tell him, and I mean it. "You were worth the wait."