I've been writing my whole life and, somehow, despite the overwhelming odds, I've become
successful at it. Who would have thought?
On one hand, I'm actually quite good a stringing a sentence together, spinning a story and
crafting memorable characters, but at the end of the day, I think what has brought me to this rare
position in life is luck. There are plenty of writers out there with talent, drive and absolutely
breathtaking prose, and they never get to see their work recognized.
I suppose that's just what happens when you're trying to carve out a living in a highly
competitive and sought after career, though.
Of course, the biggest thing I have going for me is that fact that I'd be doing this whether it
was my career or not. Writing is just something that I exude, as natural as eating or sleeping, and
because of this I've been able to find myself in the right place at the right time on more than one
occasion. That's all that luck is, really, doing enough work so that you're ready for fate when it comes
knocking at your door.
If I could go back in time and tell myself that I'd eventually make it as an author, I'm not even
sure if I'd believe it myself. This isn't because I doubt the quality of my work, however, it's because
my genre of choice is more than a little niche.
While I've dabbled in everything from horror to non-fiction, my personal taste lies firmly
planted in the realm of gay erotica, particularly that of the dinosaur and unicorn variety.
When people learn this, the first question that they ask is, of course, whether or not I actually
get turned on by the stuff that I write.
My response: who wouldn't? There's just something so sexy about a confident raptor or T-
Rex at the top of his game, a muscular prehistoric creature with a bad boy demeanor who has carved
out a place for himself in the world of business. The same goes for a wild and free unicorn stud,
whether he's traveling the country on the back of a motorcycle or building a sailboat with his own
bare hooves, there's nothing more intoxicating than one of these magical beasts with a sense of
adventure.
So I write about them. I write about them because it's in my heart, my soul, and it erupts from
the tips of my fingers in waves across the keyboard.
Little did I know, this passion of mine would be the catalyst that changed my life, and altered
the fabric of my very universe.
I'm sitting at the local neighborhood coffee shop when I hear a light, electronic bing that
breaks my concentration. I had been working on a new short story, my mind wandering through a
fantasy world of muscular gay butts, but suddenly I am snapped back into reality.
I click the notification that has appeared on my screen and an email opens large and bright.
"Congratulations, Chuck Tingle," I read the subject line aloud to myself. "Your book, Space
Raptor Butt Invasion, has been nominated for this year's short story Hugo Award."
Of course, this is very exciting news, save for two important flaws; my name is not Chuck
Tingle, and I have never written a story titled Space Raptor Butt Invasion.
I continue reading the email, however, and find myself drawn deeper and deeper into the
mystery. This does, in fact, appear to be an official email notification for The Hugo Awards, the
world's most prestigious honor in the realm of science fiction literature. Not only that, but many of the
details are eerily similar to my own life, just slightly off. My name is not Chuck Tingle, but Tuck
Bingle, and while I do not have a book titled Space Raptor Butt Invasion, it certainly sounds like
something that would be a part of my catalog.
Not knowing what else to do, I quickly reply with, "I think you have the wrong e-mail
address," and hit send.
Moment's later there is another ding from my laptop, alerting me that my message has failed
to deliver.
"We're sorry," I read the new email aloud, "your message failed to send because this
address is located on a different layer of the Tingleverse."
As I read this, my breath catches in my throat, terrified and confused. Could this all be some
sort of practical joke, a cruel prank at the hands of a mischievous friend?
The more I think about it, however, the more I realize that a joke is impossible. While I have
been considering a short story regarding the different layers of the Bingleverse, or Tingleverse in this
case, none of them have been published yet… at least in this layer.
Let me go back a moment and explain because, as I have just learned, there are readers out
there who are going to be slightly confused by this revelation. The Tingleverse is a theory that I've
been considering for quite a while, rolling around the data in my head as I write and revise my
stories. The basic theory is that all reality exists as a stack of parallel worlds, the upper Tingleverse
and the lower Tingleverse, with an infinite amount of variable universes in between.
The deeper into the Tingleverse one gets, the gayer the universe becomes, until eventually
you reach the bottom layer, which is known as The Tingularity. There is some speculation about what
The Tingularity entails, whether it is an entire universe of abs, calves, or cute butts, but one thing is
for sure, it is the epitome of hot, sweaty gayness in it's rawest form.
Meanwhile, on the other end of the stack is your universe, the universe of the reader. In this
upper universe, homosexuality is simply a type of sexuality for humans to experience and enjoy.
While there are some ways that gayness has effected the culture and lifestyle of this layer, the effects
are relatively minor when compared to the deeper levels of Tingleverse. So minor, in fact, that most
readers will not even realize this is the life they've inhabited for their entire existence.
I can't say that I'm not a little jealous as I sit here in this imaginary coffee shop, my every
action meticulously described by some external author who I'll never meet, but at the same time there
is a certain relief to knowing that the future is out of my hands. I am nothing more than a collection of
words upon a page, incapable of pain or excitement or love, unless, of course, the writer wants me to
be.
But the writer is kind, and I know that he's brought me here for a reason.
And if you think that it's unreasonable for me to learn all this from a simple email
notification, the author would like me to remind you that I've been living in a deeper level of the
Tingleverse for years, growing more and more suspicious of the bizarre happenings around me every
day. He doesn't have time to tell you about the fact that my mailman is hunky unicorn in leather,
assless chaps, or that the last flight I took was delayed because the planes were all having a hardcore
gangbang on the tarmac.
Most importantly, though, the author would like me to remind you that this is a short story
and, ultimately, is about getting off more that anything else. He says, "bare with me."
Now that I've come this far, the author sees not point in keeping from me that plenty of other
characters have realized they are part of the Tingleverse.
Typically, they try to do something about it and, of course, it never works.
"So what's the point?" I ask aloud, my sudden outburst immediately halting the chattering
patrons that fill the coffee shop around me. Everyone is staring now, confused by the wild eyed man
so sits before him with his head to the sky.
"Is everything alright?" one of the baristas comes over to ask me.
I nod. "I just… I just finally understood a lot of things about my life."
The barista sits there for a moment and then finally pulls out a chair, sitting down across
from me. "Here," he says, "I'm going to just speak for the author right now because it's much less
confusing for the reader that way."
"Alright," I accept, and then glance around at the coffee shop customers who still stare in
confusion. "What about them?"
"They're fine, they're just background anyway," the barista explains.
The next thing I know, the shop has kicked back into motion, the crowd chattering and
moving together as if nothing had even happened.
"I understand you've received an email that was meant for a different layer of the
Tingleverse," asks the barista.
"You've been looking through my e-mails?" I counter.
The barista laughs. "I'm writing this whole thing, I created your e-mails."
"Oh… yeah," I reply. "I'm sorry, it's just a little difficult learning that I'm a fictional
character. I'm still getting used to it."
"It always is," the barista explains. "When things get meta you need to take a little more time
with them, I guess."
"But why?" I question, "why not just make me understand?"
The barista laughs. "Trust me, you're handling it just fine, this is already plenty ridiculous
for the readers at the top of the Tingleverse."
"Is that were this e-mail was headed?" I question. "To the top level of the Tingleverse?"
"Afraid so," the barista tells me. "You see, up there, nobody actually realizes they are in a
tingler. They're the readers, and for the most part their lives are pretty ordinary; no dinosaurs, no
bigfeet, no living objects pounding each other in the ass all day."
I scoff. "I doubt that, if there's no dinosaurs then what do all the dinosexuals do?"
"There are no dinosexuals," the barista informs me. "Well, not that many of them. There is
one though, and his name is Chuck Tingle."
"The guy whose email I got!" I confirm.
"That's right," the barista offers. "He's an author, like yourself, in fact he's just like you in
almost every way except for he exists on the highest layer of the Tingleverse, and you are a few
hundred layers down.'
"A few hundred layers down!" I shout, "That's so far!"
The barista shakes his head. "Relatively speaking, that's actually very, very close. You're
more similar than you'd think. Chuck is what you'd call your reverse twin."
"And he got an award?" I question. "A Hugo Award? What is that?"
The barista leans back into his chair and folds his fingers together in front of him. "The Hugo
Awards are a literary prize for the best science fiction or fantasy story written this year. They're a
great honor and a very important institution."
"Well, that's great!" I reply. "I mean, I know it sounds kind of strange but I'm honored my
reverse twin received such a prestigious award."
The barista lets out a long sigh. "Well, that's the problem. Not everyone is all that happy
about Chuck being nominated. People don't think that Space Raptor Butt Invasion deserves to be up
there on the pedestal. Do you know who George P.P. Martin is?"
"The guy who wrote Game of Bones?" I ask. "That fantasy series?"
The barista nods. "They made a TV show, too. On this layer it's just a simple daytime sitcom
about brutish men in a fantasy realm boning each other, while in deeper layers it's called Game of
Moans and is slightly more explicit. Even deeper in the Tingleverse it's called Game of Butts, which
doesn't even rhyme, so you can see where their priorities are. Anyway, he has a show on the highest
level of the Tingleverse, too, and he's pretty upset about Chuck's nomination."
"But why?" I continue. "I still don't get it, Space Raptor Butt Invasion seems like a serious
piece of science fiction literature."
"As crazy as it sounds, some people up there just don't see it that way," the barista informs
me.
I think about this a moment, trying to reckon with all of this unexpected information that is
now fluttering around in my head. None of it makes any sense but somehow perfectly explains several
questions that I have been grappling with ever since I sat down at this coffee shop and opened my
laptop.
What was I doing before I got here? Where do I live? Who are my friends?
I don't have an answer to any of these questions because the author hasn't written them. I am
a fictional character, and my entire existence remains here on this page. I am nothing more than a
collection of words brought to life by the reader's imagination, but I want to be more. I was written to
be human, after all, and what makes us all human if not the desire to make something more than
ourselves?
"I want to help Chuck Tingle win the Hugo Awards," I finally blurt. "It's what I was born to
do."
The barista chuckles to himself. "I mean, technically you were never born, but I get your
point because it happens to be the whole reason that I created you in the first place."
"You created me to help Chuck win a Hugo Award?" I question.
"More or less," the barista says, "I mean, it couldn't hurt."
I sit up straight in my chair, ready for action. "So what do I have to do?"
"You're already doing it," the barista informs me. "Parallel universes, fourth-wall breaking
storylines and a little meta humor sprinkled in there for good measure. The voters love this stuff!"
exclaims the barista. "Look, Space Raptor Butt Invasion was nominated, but between you and me,
Chuck has some better work out there. Just look at Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt, or even
Slammed In The Butthole By My Concept Of Linear Time, there's a lot of great ideas in there!
Anyway, I created you to show that Chuck can do more than just put a raptor on another planet."
"I'm confused, I thought you were trying to get Space Raptor Butt Invasion to win," I
counter. "Not whatever this book is called."
The barista waves his hands in the air. "Yeah, okay. Forget I said anything. If you're reading
this, just don't go back a few paragraphs. Let's forget that conversation ever happened."
"You're just trying to get people to take Chuck seriously," I offer, trying to understand.
The barista nods. "Yes!"
"Because… you're Chuck." I say. Suddenly, it all clicks. "What do you need me to do?"
"Get fucked up your butt by the Hugo Award nomination," the barista responds.
There is suddenly a loud smash as the door to the coffee shop flies open and a massive, shiny
award steps inside. The muscular living object is shaped like a rocket, tall and handsome with a
ripped set of gorgeous abs that run across his length. He rocks from side to side on his wooden base,
approaching our table while the rest of the coffee shop patrons run and hide with screams of utter
terror.
"Fuck him?" I question. "How is that going to make them take us seriously?"
The barista shakes his head. "No, no, the stuff before all of this is what's supposed to make
them to take us seriously. At the end of the day, this is still gay erotica, you're gonna have to get
pounded."
Strangely, there's something about this entire situation that actually kind of turns me on. I've
never had a gay experience before, but as I glance over at the award's incredible body and massive,
hanging cock, I can't help but find myself more than a little turned on by the prospect of taking him up
my asshole.
Overwhelmed by desire, and understanding my role as homoerotic hero, I stand up from the
table and turn towards this massive award, its phallic shimmering body towering over me and causing
my breath to catch in my throat.
"What's your name?" The award asks me in his thundering, masculine voice.
"Tuck," I offer, trembling.
The award smiles. "I'm a living Hugo Award nomination, but my name's actually Kelpo.
Kelpo Jit"
The massive rocket extends a hand and we shake firmly. He's much more of a gentleman than
I ever could have anticipated, and this just makes me even hotter for him.
"It's nice to meet you," I tell the award. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'd love to get
you know you even more. Would you like to grab dinner or something?"
Suddenly, the manifestation-of-my-own-author-in-barista-form clears his throat loudly from
behind us. I glance back over my shoulder at him and the man shakes his head solemnly, tapping the
watch on his wrist.
"It's cute, I get it," the barista says, "but we like to come in at four to five thousand words
for these things. A date's probably going to push us over the word count."
I let out a long sigh. "Please," I beg. "It's going to be sexier if we have a real connection."
"I can just write that in," the barista explains.
"But it won't make sense!" I argue. "Just one quick date."
The barista rolls his eyes and collapses back into his chair. "Alright, just one date, but I'm
only going to take like, two sentences to describe it, tops. After that you'll each get a line of dialog
and then it's right to the fucking."
"Thank you," I gush.
The next thing I know, Kelpo and me are rushing off to a beautiful little café on the edge of
town, chatting it up like two guys who have know each other for decades. I'm not surprised when we
end up back at his place, which is a massive clear display case for large awards.
"It's nice in here," I tell him, looking around the case and admiring the craftsmanship.
"Shh," Kelpo says, pushing up against me. "Let our bodies do the talking."
Suddenly the two of us are kissing deeply, the primal award-nomination-and-recipient-from-
another-dimension energy coursing between us. I can feel Kelpo's metallic hands exploring my body,
running their way across my toned abs as they drift lower. He eventually reaches my belt and starts to
unbuckle it, but I stop him.
"Wait," I tell the prestigious nomination. "Let me be the one who takes care of you tonight. I
want to show my thanks for this incredible, handsome award."
With that, I drop down to my knees and find myself face to face with the award's massive
erect cock. His dick stands a full attention, jutting out towards me in all of its homoerotic glory.
"Whoa," is all that I can manage the say, the word tumbling out of my mouth awkwardly.
"As you can see, I'm not just any award," Kelpo tells me.
I laugh. "No, you are not."
Overwhelmed with desire, I open my mouth wide and take the award's metallic cock
between my lips, joyfully pumping my head up and down across his impressive length.
Kelpo is clearly enjoying himself, rocking his hips along to the movements. As I gain speed
he lets out a long, satisfied moan, leaning his pointed head back and gazing upward. "Fuck that feels
so good," the award announces, egging me on.
I begin to move my head faster, cradling his balls with one hand while caressing his hard
body with the other. Even though I have never given a blowjob before, I feel as though I'm doing a
more then competent job at servicing my new gay lover.
Feeling confident, I suddenly push down as far as I can and hold, somehow managing to
allow Kelpo's dick past my gag reflex in a stunning deep throat. The living ceremonial artifact places
his hands against the back of my head and holds me here with my face pressed up hard against his abs.
I look up at him and suddenly find myself overwhelmed by love and attraction to this awesome
nomination.
Sure, he's penetrating deep within my throat, but he's also penetrating my heart. As a
fictional character, the very idea of me finding love within the lifespan of a short story is something to
behold, a miracle that fills me with endless gratitude.
Eventually, I run out of air and pull back, letting the massive rod escape from the wet grasp
of my lips. I take in a deep breath and then turn around, ending up on my hands and knees while my
ass pops out towards Kelpo.
"You like what you see?" I question, wiggling my muscular rump playfully at my historic
science fiction and fantasy award lover.
The handsome rocket figure nods and then steps up behind me, aligning his massive cock
with the entrance of my tightly puckered back door. He teases the rim gently, letting the tip of his cock
test the elasticity of my butthole, then slowly but firmly slips forward and dives deep down into the
depths of my ass.
I let out a long, satisfied groan as my body struggles to accept his girth, completely in awe of
his magnificent presence within me. I am overwhelmed with sensations of both fullness and
discomfort, but as the muscular award starts to pump in and out, I find the discomfort slowly fading
away and being replaced with something even more powerful, a deep, throbbing pleasure.
I realize quickly that this mysterious sensation is my prostate being stimulated; something that
I'd heard about many times but never had the pleasure of enjoying for myself.
Every pump from Kelpo against my backside courses through me like a wave of pleasant
warmth, starting deep within my loins and then getting larger and larger with every thrust as he
pounds my butthole.
"Harder!" I command. "Fuck me harder!"
The Hugo Award slaps me on the ass and picks up the pace even more, throttling me now
like a furious gay jackhammer. I'm utterly beside myself with pleasure, my eyes rolling back into my
head and my hand working its way down only my rock hard shaft. I begin to pump my grip along with
the pace of Kelpo's incredible slams, causing the dynamic of my internal sensations to shift even
more.
"I'm gonna cum!" I start to scream. "I'm gonna cum so fucking hard from this Hugo Award
slamming me up my tight little parallel-universe-author ass!"
"Do it!" my award demands. "Cum for me!"
He is slamming me now with everything that he's got, while my entire body trembles and
quakes with uncontainable bliss. I can feel myself edging closer and closer to the cliff of orgasm until
suddenly I'm tumbling over, a whole myriad of unbelievable sensations erupting throughout my being.
I close my eyes tight and shriek as jizz erupts from the head of my cock, splattering across
the floor of the display case below me. In this moment, I feel as though I've left my body, hovering
above the proceedings as some strange astral being.
I remain here for quite a while, looking down at my body while other versions of myself start
to extend away from it on a long silver thread. Each version of myself that I see becomes more and
more altered from the original; more muscular, more handsome. It quickly becomes apparent that in
this moment of blissful orgasm, I am seeing through the layers of the Tingleverse, getting a brief
glimpse at every version of my own gayness. Unfortunately, there are just too many layers to
observe, but as I scan the thread a single version of myself catches my eye.
I see a man who looks a lot like me, only slightly older and wearing a bright white Tai Kwon
Do uniform. He's writing in his bedroom, which looks remarkably like my own except there are
posters of famous wrestlers and shirtless men all over the walls. He stops typing for a moment and
then takes a bite from the absolutely enormous plate of spaghetti that sits next to him.
The man chews for a while, staring out the window of his bedroom at the suburban street
below. He washes his bite down with a long sip from a tall glass of chocolate milk.
Suddenly, the man stops. He slowly turns in his chair to face me.
"Hello?" I ask. "Can you see me?"
The man nods. "Course I can see you! I'm man name of Chuck, makin' this happen! I was in
the coffee shop talkin' big words remember?"
"That was you?" I question. "So you're the author?"
"Yup," Chuck says. "You've done a real good job, buckaroo. Can't wait to tell son name of
Jon about what a good book this is."
"What about the Hugo voters?" I ask him. "Do they think you're a good writer yet?"
Chuck shrugs and takes another huge bite from his plate of spaghetti. I notice now that there
are several empty plates scattered across his desk smeared with tomato sauce, the remains of his
previous meals. The author chews for a long, long time, and then swallows and smiles. "Probably
not. Probably hung up on all the spelling erors. Doesn't matter though, I know I'm the best writer ever
in Billings, bet the world, too. That's all that matters when love is real, buckaroo."
"I... I'm confused." I stammer. "Wasn't the point of all this to prove that you can write even
better stories than Space Raptor Butt Invasion?"
"Space Raptor Butt Invasion is best story ever, are you kidding me? I know I'm a true
buckaroo," says Chuck. "That's why I have friends on the internet that think I'm a handsome man. I
mean, sometimes it's lonely days but mostly it's just good times rough housin' and getting hard. Don't
need no award to tell me I'm a hard bud. Would be nice though, no kidding."
"So… do you want the award or what?" I question, still confused.
"Course I do!" says Chuck. "There's lots of bucks out there who think the soul of books is
just inside books. Don't know that real love comes from proving book are real for all who kiss, that's
inside and outside of books, goofball. Space Raptor Butt Invasion tingled them, then got them to read
this one, too, got them looking into the Tingleverse and seeing what's what, maybe getting hard with
their buds. That's what it means to make love real, buckaroo. That's why I should be awarded most
handsome fantasy man name of Hugo."
"I don't understand," I admit.
"That's okay, bud." Chuck tells me.
"Did I do okay?" I ask.
"Whoa, bud. Yeah," the author tells me with a grin. "You're hard as rocks."
And suddenly, in this moment, I feel hard as rocks, too.
Almost immediately, I'm ripped back down into my body with a violent thud, the physical
world immediately returning all around me.
"Oh fuuuck!" the handsome Hugo Award nomination behind me cries out, ejecting a massive
payload of hot, sticky jizz up into my butthole.