Here's the first thing that I want to say, right off the bat, before things get fishy. I am not
unicornphobic.
Just because I get disgusted when I see a unicorn trotting down the street, doesn't mean that I
hate them, or even that I'm afraid of them. I just don't want them anywhere near me.
You see, I've been following the unicorn agenda for a long time, watching as it seeps its way
deep down into the cracks of American society. I've seen that way that it's started to erode away at
our country and shifted our morals from classic and conservative to God knows what.
And I don't like it.
Let me remind you, that doesn't mean I hate all unicorns. I've said it before and I'll say it
again, a unicorn minding his own business is fine by me… but I'll be damned if I'm going to let one of
them into the bathroom while I'm in there. I mean, that's just common sense, right?
The thing about unicorns is that they're dangerous, they really are. Sure, I've known some
alright one horns, and I guess there are probably a handful out there who know how to keep their
hooves to themselves, but the vast majority of unicorns are just looking to stab somebody through with
that big ol' horn; maybe even trample you or, if you're not careful, cover you with magical unicorn
dust.
The thought of it makes me want to throw up.
I'm thinking all this as I stare out across the diner from my booth in the corner, simmering
with anger at the unicorn that has been noshing on some hay a few booths away. It's a quiet night here
in North Carolina, the sound of country music wafting out from the nearby stereo as the waitress kicks
back and looks at her nails behind the counter. I've got my coffee and my steak, and in any other
situation I'd been quite happy about that, but now that I've noticed this unicorn sitting across from me
I've lost my appetite.
I think about going and saying something, I really do, but instead I just sit here and let the
rage build some more. I want to get up and tell this unicorn that their kind ain't welcome here; that, in
this diner, the unicorns are expected to act like unicorns and eat their hay outside. I want to let him
know that the booths are reserved for people.
I swear, I'm about to say something, but before I get a chance I see the unicorn stand up from
his booth and start heading for the door. I'll admit, a flood of relief washes over me when I realize
that I won't have to confront this beast. There's no telling what they'll do if you cross them.
My eyes narrow as I watch him go, but as the unicorn continues past the front door of the
restaurant my heart nearly stops beating in my chest. I watch in utter horror as the unicorn walks
onward, brazenly clopping through the restaurant towards the restroom doors.
I know exactly what's about to happen, and when it does I nearly fall out of my chair.
"Oh, God no," I whisper quietly to myself. I watch as the unicorn clops right into the
restroom for humans and immediately realize that nowhere is safe. What if I had been in that
restroom, instead of here safely in my booth? Would I have immediately been stabbed through the
heart by this horrible monster?
Probably, I think to myself.
I stand up abruptly, stammering as I try to grab the attention of the waitress. "Hey, did you
see that?"
The woman looks confused.
"Did you see what just happened?" I scream, my voice cracking. "That unicorn just walked
into the human's restroom."
The waitress just continues to stare at me blankly for a while and then finally shrugs. "So?"
"So… what if someone was in there?" I shriek, completely loosing my cool. "What if I was
in there and someone starting thinking I was into unicorns? Or what if I got his sparkling magic dust
on me? What then?"
"I think you'd be fine," the woman remarks. "You'll live."
The audacity of her comments sends my blood pressure skyrocketing. This young woman
clearly has no idea the crisis that our nation is facing, and her complete disregard for concern is
impossible to come to terms with.
I can feel the sweat pouring down my brow and my skin turning red with belligerent fury. My
heart is pounding a mile a minute, and suddenly it's slamming so hard that it hurts, aching in painful
waves across my arms and upper torso.
"You've gotta be fucking kidding me!" I scream. "This is… this is…"
I begin to make strange choking noises, my words falling limply from my lips and then
suddenly I'm collapsing foreword, my head slamming hard against the table before me.
"Sir? Sir?" a voice cuts through the darkness.
At first, I'm not quite sure where I am or why my head hurts so badly, but as my thoughts
begin to swirl together and align themselves, the events before my collapse slowly become coherent
once more.
"What happened?" I croak, still struggling to collect myself.
"You had a heart attack," the voice replies.
"What?" I groan.
Suddenly, I hear the waitresses voice cut through the darkness above me. "He saved your
life. He put his hoof on your chest, and then sprinkled some magic dust, and then…" she trails off.
The word hoof suddenly snaps me out of my disconnected, dreary state. My eyes fly open to
find the unicorn and the waitress leaning down over my body. I'm sprawled out on my back on the
restaurant floor, looking up at the ceiling.
"Get the fuck away from me!" I scream, climbing to my feet and trying to push the unicorn
back.
Unfortunately, I'm much weaker than I realized. Instead of displaying my aggression, I end up
crumpling into the unicorn's arms. The large creature catches me and lifts me back up, helping me into
the nearby booth once more.
"Could you get us some water?" the unicorn asks the waitress. "Maybe fries and ketchup if
he can get them down. He's probably dehydrated and needs some sugar."
The waitress nods and runs off into the kitchen.
"You're going to be just fine," the unicorn assures me.
I don't acknowledge him, simmering with anger. I can't believe I actually touched that
monster.
"Is everything alright?" The unicorn questions.
At first I want to ignore him, just pretend this unicorn isn't here until he gets the hint and goes
away, but for the slightest moment I actually feel a strange spark of connection to the creature. Even if
he did it with those filthy hooves, he still saved my life.
"It's fine," I grumble to myself. "Didn't need no help from some damn unicorn."
"Actually, I identify as human," the creature tells me bluntly.
My heart skips a beat and suddenly clutch my chest, reeling as I try to calm myself down.
"Whoa, there," the unicorn attempts to settle me. "What's you name?"
I hesitate for a moment. "Honch," I finally tell him.
"Hi Honch, I'm Kipper," he says, extending a hoof.
I don't take it.
Kipper chuckles to himself. "You won't shake the hand of the man who saved your life?"
"You're not a man," I tell him, seething with anger.
Kipper lets out a long sigh. "Tell you what… you seem pretty pissed off just from sitting near
me, and I'm fine with that. I know who I am and what I am, and that's peachy. Unlike you, though, I'm
not a raging asshole bigot. I'd like to understand you, even if we don't see eye to eye on some things."
"What's your point?" I grumble.
"I've got a game. If you win then I'll leave you alone. If you lose, you've gotta sit here and
talk to me for a bit while you eat your fries," the unicorn offers.
Like clockwork, the waitress returns with a tall glass of water and some piping hot fries that
she places before me. She leaves quickly.
Kipper's forwardness actually piques my interest a bit. For the second time tonight, I
actually sense that same strange connection to Kipper, a brief glimpse of what makes us similar
instead of what pulls us apart.
"Alright," I finally grunt. "What's your game?" I reach over and stuff some fries into my
mouth, chewing loudly.
The unicorn smiles and pulls out his phone, then pushes it across the table towards me. On
the screen there's a picture of a smiling man.
"Born unicorn or human?" Kipper questions.
"Human," I say with a laugh.
Kipper nods and then swipes to the next photo of another smiling man, only this time much
older. "And this one?"
"Human," I tell him again.
The unicorn continues like this for a while until I've gone though ten photos of different guys,
all of them clearly humans.
"Alright, time to move along now," I say. "I beat your little game."
Kipper smiles. "Actually, you lost. They we're all born unicorns."
I scoff. "Please."
Kipper takes the phone and shows me a new photo, one in which all of the men are prancing
around in a field of clover, their horns glinting in the sunlight. I immediately realize that he's right.
"Holy shit," I say. "I couldn't even tell,"
"Well, that's a start," says Kipper, "but it's not really the point. The point is that these people
can be anything they want to be. It's not your business how they identify. Why would you want it to be
your business when you can't even tell? I mean, honestly, think of all the humans born as unicorns that
you've peed next to and never even known."
As much as I want to deny it, I realize now that Kipper is right.
"Even as a raging asshole bigot, you must at least realize how little sense this whole thing
makes," continues Kipper. "Honestly, why do you even care?"
"Cause I don't want one of you unicorns spearing me with your horn," I tell him bluntly.
"Has that ever happened?" asks Kipper.
I stare at my companion blankly, not quite sure what to say.
"I mean, honestly, are you really afraid of that?" Kipper continues prodding.
Finally, I shake my head no.
"So, what is it then?" Kipper questions, pushing farther into the depths of my psyche.
I have an idea but I'm not sure if I want to propose it, knowing full well that the argument
doesn't hold any real weight.
"God says it's wrong," I finally counter.
"You think God really cares about which bathrooms we use?" asks Kipper. "Doesn't he have
better things to do then think about where I pee. More importantly, don't you?"
I shrug, not knowing what to say.
"You think maybe you're just scared because it makes you subconsciously question your own
humanity?" Kipper asks me, going in for the kill.
I hate to admit it, but he's right. My fear and hatred of unicorns makes no logical sense, and if
I'm going to be perfectly honest, I couldn't point to a verse about it in the bible even if I tried.
Tears begin to well up in my eyes and, suddenly, a single streak of the salty liquid is running
down my cheek. I realize now what an awful person I've been being all these years, understanding
that this fear and discomfort is just a mirror image of that hatred that I have for myself. My life is a
mess, and it's so much easier to deal with if I'm trying to project that darkness out onto someone else.
"I'm so sorry," I tell Kipper, who I now recognize as a man, not a unicorn.
"Hey, you're learning," he replies.
"What do I do?" I ask. "I want to be better. I don't want to be the kind of guy who has a heart
attack over a unicorn using the human restroom."
"Well, let me explain something," the man says. "There are two things you need to realize.
First, that was a human using the human restroom, and second, even if it wasn't… who the fuck
cares?"
"I understand," I tell him.
"You've gotta face your fears then," explains Kipper. "That's the only way to get over
something so fucking irrational."
"You mean?" I start, trailing off.
The man nods. "You need to go into the human restroom with me."
The very mention of this fills my body with a suffocating dread, anxiety swelling across me
as I try to grapple with the thought. I'm literally trembling in the booth, my body quaking so hard that I
accidently knock over my glass of water that is now, fortunately, empty.
"I can't," I stammer.
"Why not?" the man questions. "You understand that I'm a human, correct? That's how I
identify."
I nod.
"So, what's the problem?"
"What if other unicorns start using this as a reason to go wherever they want? Sneaking
peaks at humans and stuff?" I question.
Kipper rolls his eyes. "You realize that is fucking asinine, right?"
I take a deep breath. "Yeah, I suppose it is."
The man stands up from the booth. "Come on."
Not knowing what else to do, I slowly rise and begin to follow him across the diner. With
every step towards the restrooms I find myself growing more and more unsettled, waves of vertigo
sweeping through my body in pulse after powerful pulse.
"I don't know if I can do this," I tell him as we finally reach the restroom door. "What's
going to happen when we go in there?"
The man smiles. "Absolutely nothing."
Kipper pushes open the door and holds it for me, waiting patiently until I'm finally able of
force myself across the threshold. I'm shaking and sweating profusely.
"Don't have another heart attack!" Kipper jokes, then gets immediately somber. "Seriously,
don't."
A take one step into the restroom, then another, and another, followed closely behind by
Kipper until the two of us are standing directly at the tiled center.
I brace myself for something terrible, but nothing bad ever comes. Instead, I find everything
to be remarkably, painful, sufficatingly normal.
"I don't know what you were expecting," Kipper says. "but this is pretty much what happens
when you let humans who were once unicorns use a public bathroom. Nothing."
"Do you have to go?" I ask.
Kipper shakes his head. "Not really."
We stand a moment longer and then Kipper exits, leaving me completely alone to bask in my
own newfound understanding.
When I'm finally ready to go, I turn around and head back out into the diner, stopping
abruptly when I see that Kipper is no longer anywhere to be found. Instead, a large unicorn-horned
restroom sign sits waiting for me in the booth, the blue and white surface reflecting subtlety in the dim
light of the restaurant.
"Uh… Who are you?" I ask.
The sign cracks a wry, half smile. "I'm your irrational bigoted fear."
"But I'm not afraid anymore!" I shout.
The sign nods. "That's correct, and that's exactly why I'm here," you've purged me from our
body, so now I've manifested myself out here in the physical world."
I let out a long, frustrated sigh. "Can't you just go away," I question. "I don't want you
around anymore."
"Easier said than done," my manifested negative emotion says.
Suddenly, I lose it. "What do you want from me?" I scream.
The sentient emotional response to my own repressed self-hatred chuckles to himself. "Well,
the best way to get over something, is to get under something."
I'm confused by his comment. "What?"
"The best way to get over something, is to get under something," the sign repeats.
"I still don't get it," I tell him.
The irrational trans-species fear rolls his eyes. "Oh my god, I'm asking if you want to bang it
out."
"Oh!" I gasp. "Well, I'm not gay."
The living feeling smirks. "Right."
I have to admit, there is actually something strangely alluring about this sassy sentient
emotion. I can't help but find my eyes drifting down across his glossy blue and white surface, taking
careful note of the perfectly sculpted abs.
The restroom sign catches me looking and gives me a playful wink, then stands up slowly
from the booth and begins walking over to me, seductively swaying his muscular hips from side to
side.
"You like what you see?" the manifested emotional state questions.
I nod, unable to find the worlds but succumbing completely to my lustful gay attraction.
Now the big blue restroom sign is pushed up against me, his cool flat surface sending a chill
down my spine as our skin meets. My breath catches in my throat, a split second of hesitation and then
suddenly the two of us are kissing each other deeply, our hands feverishly exploring one another's
bodies.
"I want you so bad," I groan, "even if it's just to get rid of you."
I slowly begin to drop into a squat before him, looking up hungrily as I grab ahold of the
massive sign's gradually enlarging member. Soon enough, his shaft is jutting out towards my face in
all of its rock hard glory.
I stroke him off for a bit, cradling the living emotion's balls with my other hand until I find
myself overwhelmed with desire and open my lips wide.
Kipper lets out a long groan as I take him into my mouth, swallowing the sign's massive shaft
as deep as I can until it hits the limits of my gag reflex. I struggle to push him past but end up retching
loudly, pulling back in a shower of spit as I gasp for air and struggle to regain composure.
"You're so fucking big," I tell the sign.
My manifested sentient emotion places his hands against the back of my head and lowers me
down across his dick once again, only this time I'm prepared for his substantial size. I try my best to
relax and, despite my relative inexperience, somehow manage to let him sink all the way down into
the depths of my throat.
Now I find myself pressed up against his hard abs, the sign moaning loudly as he fully
appreciates my skillful blowjob. He holds me here as long as I can manage and then, eventually, lets
me up just long enough to take in a large gulp of air. Moments' later, I'm back at it, his enormous cock
thrust down my throat yet again only this time he's pumping in and out of me, using me like some
warm wet oral sheath for his girthy member.
Faster and faster the living restroom sign pumps through my lips, his head thrown back as a
long, satisfied groan escapes him. The sentient emotion is trembling now, but before he gets too
carried away, the sign has the discipline to pull back and pop himself out of my mouth.
"Get over here," the sign commands, helping me to my feet and then leading me over to the
nearby table. The personified emotional state slaps the counter hard with his hand, coaxing me to
climb up onto its firm surface. I lie with my back on the table and my ass just hanging off the edge,
unbuckling my belt as I go and then watching helplessly as the sign simply grabs the leather and tears
it away from my pants. He roughly unzips me and then pulls my jeans down over of my legs, tossing
them (along with my underwear) to the side and exposing my puckered butthole beneath.
I'm feeling completely exposed and achingly aroused, my cock rock hard as it projects out
from my body in a tower of pink flesh. I spread my legs open and the blue restroom sign grabs one in
each hand, spreading me as he scoots his body up to the diner table and aligns himself with my ass.
"Fuck me!" I scream. "Shove that cock up into my butt and teach me to get over my repressed
self hatred like the good little twink that I am!"
The sign pushes into my body without hesitation, forcefully impaling me across the
impressive length of his supernaturally manifested dick.
I cry out immediately, gripping tightly onto the edges of the table while my body struggles to
adjust to the outrageous girth of the sign's painted white dick. I've seen versions of this sign so many,
many times, hanging beside the doors of countless restrooms across the world, and never before had I
noticed just how intoxicatingly handsome it is. Now I finally see what was in front of me all along, an
elegant and modern figure, minimalistic yet perfectly recognizable.
Even though I'm fucking this manifestation to get rid of it, I will admit that the design of the
sign itself is nothing short of timeless. The curves are simplistic and perfectly recognizable in a way
that makes my cock painfully erect, aware that I could identify this symbol almost anywhere on the
planet and know exactly what it meant.
Now that is power.
The handsome symbol of my bigoted emotions begins to move in and out of me with a series
of firm, slow pumps, warming up and allowing the inside of my rectum to settle around his mammoth
rod. The sensation is unlike anything I have ever felt, a strangely powerful warmth that starts deep
within my prostate and then begins to spread out across my body ever so slowly. With every pump
into my anus the feeling blooms until it is a beautiful flower of bliss, running down my arms and legs.
I'm trembling now, unable to hold back with my reaction to the incredible sensations that
course through me. I can see an orgasmic finish line on the horizon and I start to frantically pull
myself towards it, reaching down across my toned stomach and grapping ahold of my bouncing cock. I
beat myself off to the rhythm of the sign's thrusts, faster and faster as my sentient emotion lover picks
up speed.
Soon enough, he's ramming me with everything that he's got while I stroke my cock at
blinding speeds. "Oh my god!" I cry out. "I'm going to cum so fucking hard!"
"Do it!" the living manifestation of my irrational bigotry commands. "Blow that load right
fucking now!"
My eyes roll back into my head and I let out a long, animalistic cry of passion, the sound
erupting from my throat like a volcano of pent up gay lust. The orgasm hits me hard, causing me to
buckle at the stomach as a blast of hot, sticky jizz ejects from the head of my hard dick. The semen
splatters everywhere, across my abs and down the front of the restroom sign as he continues to pound
me with unhinged ferocity.
The sentient emotional manifestation is not far behind on his path towards the inevitable, and
the next thing I know he is pulling out of me, helping me down off of the table and standing proudly
above me as he beats his giant dick.
"Cum all over my fucking face!" I command.
The handsome, muscular sign strokes himself faster and faster until suddenly he's throwing
his head back and howling loudly, expelling a series of cum blasts across my waiting cheeks and lips.
The restroom sign absolutely covers me in his seed, the pearly warm liquid spilling down my neck in
streaks of white.
When the sign has finally finished he stumbles back and takes a seat in the booth yet again,
struggling to catch his breath.
"That was great," I tell him.
The sign smiles. "Another round tomorrow?"
I shake my head.
"Please," my bigoted emotional state begs.
"I'm over you now," I inform him. "I'm sorry, but you've gotta go."
Reluctantly, the sign stands up and walks slowly towards the door of the diner, glancing back
over his shoulder just once to see if I've changed my mind. I haven't.
"You sure you don't wanna go shout something homophobic while watching the football
game or something?" the sign asks.
"Nope," I tell him.
"Well, okay then," the sign sighs, then finally leaves.
The second that my bigotry exits I find myself completely overwhelmed with a sensation that
I haven't experienced in years, all of my pent up self loathing suddenly replaced by a warm fullness
and a glorious self love. It suddenly becomes crystal clear that my entire argument was based on fear
and darkness and negativity, of which there's already just too much in the world.
Why not let people identify however they'd like; human, unicorn, plane, whatever.
I'm suddenly crying again, the tears streaming down my face and mixing with the thick layer
of jizz that precedes it.
"Can I get you a towel?" the waitress finally asks. She's been watching the whole time,
frozen in utter shock.
"Absolutely," I tell her, "and how about another plate of those fries?"