In some small way, every guest that comes and goes from the Hotel Lortono has changed my life. I
learn a little bit from every single one of them, whether it be intellectually or in some other deep
personal sense.
This is the life of a bellboy, rubbing elbows with the rich and famous at one of the nicest
hotels in all of Central America.
Little did I know, however, that the greatest experience was yet to come, that a mysterious
figure would walk through those luxurious lobby doors and change my life forever.
Before any of that, however, there was still one terrifying person that I needed to meet, a
brutal and ruthless man who could send a chill of nervous apprehension down your spine with a
single word from his villainous mouth.
"I'm here for the conference." Comes the gravelly phrase in a thick Russian accent.
I look over to see the front desk manager checking in a rather large, imposing gentlemen.
He's tall and bald, wearing a long dark jacket that's just barely appropriate for the balmy weather. I
can clearly see that one of the hands he rests of the front counter is actually a sharp hook, and I try not
to stare but the man catches me. By the time I glance away it's already too late.
"Aw, I see that you noticed my hand." The man says. "Or, lack of a hand."
I shake my head while my boss stares daggers into me. "No sir."
"Oh?" The Russian man asks, clearly not buying it for a second. "You know it's not kind to
lie to someone who's spending as much money as I am at your hotel."
"I didn't notice." I tell him, my heart beating hard in my chest.
The man suddenly places his hook under my chin horizontally and lifts my face up to look
him directly in the eyes. "Are you going to lie to me again, or should I find a new hotel at which to
host my environmental conference?"
I may be terrified, but my boss is even more upset right now, doing everything he can to hold
himself together. He tries to interject, "Sir, I'm so sorry about this."
The Russian man turns to my boss, the front desk manager. "Did I ask you?"
My boss shakes his head, and the villainous man turns back to me. "Now then, I'll ask you
one last time. Were you staring at my hook?"
I gulp hard against the metal the rests under my neck. "Yes, I was."
A smile slowly crosses my assailants face and he lowers the hook. "Good, good. I like an
honest bellboy. You'll carry my things up to the suite."
"Yes sir." I nod. "Very good."
I start to turn away to grab the man's bags but he stops me almost immediately. "Aren't you
going to shake my hook? Are we not men?"
I stare at the Russian and then down as his silver hook, which glints under the lobby lights as
he holds it out towards me. I take the metallic loop in my hand and shake it, trying to be as normal
about this entire situation as possible.
"I'm Tudwig Cobbler." Says the man with a smile. "And you are?"
"John Marks." I tell him. "I'll take your bags now."
I pick up the man's two large duffle bags and carry them down the hallway towards the
elevators while my boss stares daggers into my back. When the elevator doors finally close behind
me I feel a strange sense of relief wash over me, thankful to finally be away from such an awkward
situation.
I look up and watch the light blink higher and higher towards the penthouse suite on the
hotel's top floor, where Mr. Cobbler is staying. Suddenly, though, the elevator stops and the doors
open.
Moments later a large and incredibly handsome brontosaurus enters the elevator, wearing a
sharply cut suite and a warm but serious smile across his face.
"Going up?" The dinosaur asks.
I nod and suddenly realize how odd this is. It is very, very rare for someone to join the
elevator mid lift and then continue upward. In fact, of all the time I have been working here at the
Hotel Lortono, I don't know if it has ever happened to me.
"Looks like we're headed to the same place." The dinosaur says smugly.
"What are the chances?" I offer.
There is a moment of silence between us as my brain starts flooding with all sorts of bizarre
theories about what could possibly be going on. It doesn't last long, though.
"I need you to listen to me very carefully, because there's not much time." Says the
Brontosaurus suddenly.
Expecting anything at this point, I simply nod in affirmation. "Okay."
"I know that you met Mr. Cobbler in the lobby, he's here for a conference on environmental
trade regulations." The brontosaurus explains. "This is a cover for something far more sinister, and
it could result in several nuclear warheads falling into the wrong hands."
I nod, trying to follow along as adrenaline suddenly floods my system.
"When we reach the penthouse I am going to follow you into Mr. Cobbler's room and I am
going to bug the room, then I am going to leave and you will not mention this to anyone. You will also
delete the security files from this elevator and the landing upstairs. Do you understand?"
I nod, again.
The elevator reaches the top floor and the doors immediately open onto breathtaking landing,
glass walls on either side that look out across the beautiful tropical coastline to the left and the dense
jungle to the right. Every time that I come up here it takes my breath away.
I'm well aware that what this mysterious dinosaur wants me to do is illegal and if anyone
was to find out I would be immediately fired, but I get the feeling after tonight I will probably be fired
anyway. I also didn't particularly like the Russian man and his dark, intimidating gaze.
Besides, even though I've only just met this well dressed brontosaurus, I'm already wildly
taken with his suave nature, his handsome face and what appears to be a spectacular body beneath
that suit.
"Shall we?" The dinosaur asks.
I pause for a moment. "Who are you?"
The dinosaur cracks a wry smile. "Secret Gaygent Brontosaurus, pleasure to meet you.
Now if you don't mind, I have a world to save."
I nod and immediately step forward towards the door of the penthouse, which is the only
room on this top floor of the hotel. I swipe my keycard and the door unlocks.
The gaygent pushes inside and gets to work, placing one microphone under the desk and
another behind an extra large television that sits in one corner of the incredibly luxurious room.
Behind him, the sunset is just beginning to blossom across the tropical sky in a wave of pink and
violet.
Suddenly, the elevator doors open on the landing behind me and Tudwig Cobbler steps
through them, followed closely behind by two gentlemen who are armed with semi automatic rifles.
"Gaygent Brontosaurus." The man says in his thick accent. "It seems that I just can't get
away from you."
The dinosaur stands up and straightens his tie. "It appears not, Mr. Cobbler."
Tudwig smiles a crooked smile as he steps through the door and his armed men focus their
weapons on the gaygent, who is frozen in place. "Why don't you just remove your weapon and toss it
over to me?" Mr. Cobbler asks.
Slowly, the Brontosaurus pulls a black pistol from his inner jacket pocket and then lightly
tosses it to the villainous Mr. Cobbler.
"Very good." Says Tudwig, then notices the slight smirk that the dinosaur gaygent still wears
across his face. "Don't even think about it. There's no way out of here this time."
"Think about what?" Says the dinosaur. "Tripping one of your men and then using his
weapon to shoot the other in the head while I make my way out this window behind me."
Tudwig chuckles aloud as this. "Oh really? And why wouldn't you just shoot me in the
head?"
"That's where I'll aim, but your guard's going to jump in front of you." The Brontosaurus
says flatly.
"Well, I only see two problems with your plan, Gaygent Brontosaurus." Tudwig retorts.
"First of all, that window is twenty stories up so I seriously doubt you'll be leaving through it.
Second, how do you expect to trip my guard if you're standing all the way over on the other side of
the room."
Gaygent Brontosaurus suddenly winks at me, and his expression conveys a million different
things in a single glance. I instantly know what I have to do and, without hesitation, I push the guard
forward as hard as I can.
The man falls and his gun goes flying out of his hands, sliding across the floor as Tudwig and
his other henchman look over at me in utter confusion. Within a split second, Gaygent Brontosaurus
has reached down and grabbed the rifle, firing off a single shot that hurtles towards Tugwig Cobblers
head.
As expected, though, the second guard throws himself in front of Tudwig and takes the bullet
directly between his eyes.
Suddenly, Mr. Cobbler is running past me towards the elevator doors and throwing
something back over his shoulder, which lands at my feet. I look down just long enough to realize
what it is, an explosive, and then suddenly the brontosaurus gaygent has grabbed me around the waste
and is carrying me towards the large penthouse windows.
"Cover your face and hold on tight!" The dinosaur commands.
I follow his orders and then the next thing I know we are crashing through the massive
windowpanes, hurtling out into the air from hundreds of feet above the ground. I can feet the pressure
of my surroundings change, the cold air hitting me as my weight meets gravity and begins to pull me
downwards. Almost immediately, there is a resounding boom from behind us and the cold air is
replaced by a powerful wave of heat that rolls over our bodies. I can feel the flames of the explosion
licking against my back.
Now me and the brontosaurus are falling together, embracing tightly as we hurtle towards the
ground. I start to scream when I realize that these are my last few moments of life but then suddenly I
can feel a sharp upward tug and look to see the gaygent has deployed a parachute.
Suddenly, we are no longer falling, but drifting down towards the beach as the ash and
debris floats through the air around us in a fiery rain. I look up at my incredible brontosaurus savior
who is still all business, scanning our surroundings for a place to land.
Gaygent Brontosaurus tugs at one side of his parachute and suddenly we are turning away
from the beach, gliding back towards the hotel parking lot.
"I'm sorry you got caught up in this." The dinosaur tells me. "But there's no turning back
now."
"I'm not sorry." I say, starring into his massive dinosaur eyes that sit atop an incredibly long
neck. "I never knew that someone like you existed until today. I think this is it."
"This is what?" The dinosaur asks.
"This is love." I tell him, my voice trembling.
The brontosaurus smiles. "What's your name, bellboy?"
"John Marks." I reveal.
The dinosaur closes his eyes as a single tear rolls down the side of his face, "Then that is the
name of the man I'll never forget… but the life of a secret gaygent is a difficult one and I'm just not in
a place where I can give my heart away." He breathes in deep and collects himself.
"I understand." I tell him.
"Let's discuss this later." Says the dinosaur as we drift lower and lower towards the
parking lot. "I've got a criminal mastermind to catch."
Suddenly, Gaygent Brontosaurus and I land right next to each other in the back of a bright red
convertible. The dinosaur swiftly cuts the parachute that falls behind us and throws the car into gear.
"There he is!" I shout, pointing across the parking lot to a jet-black sports car as it peels out
and takes off down the winding cliff side road, a devious Mr. Cobbler in the driver's seat.
The next thing I know, we are locked neck and neck in a high-speed car chase that winds its
way through the jungle, the ocean waves crashing just below us against the hard and jagged rocks that
jut out from every angle.
Gaygent Brontosaurus swerves left and then right, flying over the asphalt at a lightning speed
as he deftly maneuvers the vehicle along the narrow highway. As I glance over at him I see a fire in
his eyes, pure determination unlike anything I have ever witnessed.
Our car pulls right up behind Tudwig Cobbler's and the man spins around to fire two rounds
at my dinosaur hero and me, both of which miss. Seizing the moment, Gaygent Brontosaurus reaches
out with his long dinosaur neck and manages to grab the bumper of Mr. Cobbler's car with his teeth,
and then with one powerful movement he flings the vehicle off of the cliff side.
We come to a screeching halt as Tudwig plummets down towards the rocks below, his car
exploding on impact. The gaygent steps out and walks over to the edge of the cliff.
"Who's extinct now?" Gaygent Brontosaurus asks aloud as the wreckage is swept away
with the ocean tide.
Later that night, I find myself back at a small beachside home that Gaygent Brontosaurus has
been staying at while here in Central America. This mission has only been for the weekend and, after
that, who knows where in the world this mysterious beast will be. My heart aches at the thought of
losing him.
"I can't believe that I've finally found the love of my life and now he's being taken away from
me." I confess, staring out across the darkened beach before us as the waves crash lazily along the
sand.
"I know." Replies the gaygent, lost in a world of his own thoughts. The two of us are sitting
side by side on his deck in a pair of low sling lounge chairs, our hearts heavy with the knowledge that
we will probably never see one another again after tonight. We're from different worlds, him a
handsome and mysterious secret gaygent while I am nothing more than a lowly bellboy; ex-bellboy,
probably.
Still the love that flows between us cannot be ignored, no matter how inconvenient it may be.
I turn to the dinosaur abruptly. "I know that this can never last, but while we're here in this
moment, I want to give you something."
Gaygent Brontosaurus smiles. "And what's that?"
"I want to give you my butt." I confess, my body aching for his touch.
"The butt is not enough." My beautiful brontosaurus tells me. "I want your heart as well, and
I don't care about the consequences."
Suddenly, the two of us burst upward from our chairs and meet in the middle, kissing
passionately in the still of the night.
His leathery dinosaur skin feels cool against my warm-blooded flesh, and as his lips meet
mine from atop that glorious, lengthy neck, I shudder with sensual pleasure and arousal.
"Now get out that fat dinosaur cock and let me suck you off." I demand, dropping to my
knees before the large creature right then and there. I reach up and unzip the fly of his suit, then pull
out the beast's enormous rod. It springs forth nearly hitting me in the face. "Whoa, you're huge!" I
offer.
"I'm always packing heat." Gaygent Brontosaurus tells me.
I open wide and take his prehistoric cock into my mouth, wrapping my lips tight around his
shaft and then bobbing my face up and down with slow graceful pumps.
Gaygent Brontausaurs lets out a long, satisfied moan that rumbles through his large body. He
begins to pump his hips firmly against the rhythm of my face, clearly enjoying himself.
"Fuck yes." The dinosaur groans.
"Do you like that little human mouth?" I ask, pulling his shaft out and licking him from base
to tip.
Gaygent Brontosaurus nods.
"Then how about you try some of this?" I continue, opening wide and then pushing his
enormous dinosaur cock as far as it can go down my throat. The shaft plunges lower and lower into
my depths until he reaches my gag reflex, stopping suddenly and causing me to pull back with a gag. I
gasp wildly as I come up for air, reeling from the sheer size of this creature's enormous dick.
However, I don't give up that easily.
I take a deep breath and then try again, this time relaxing enough to take the dinosaur's
prehistoric rod all the way down. Soon, I find my face resting up against his green abs, his balls
hanging gently against my face as the secret gaygent holds tight within me. I run my tongue along the
bottom of his shaft from inside my mouth, tickling his member playfully as the dinosaur enjoys the
sensation of being fully consumed.
When I've finally just about run out of air I pull up with another gasp, a long string of saliva
connecting my lips to the head of the gaygent's green rod. I'm so horny for him that I could explode.
"That's it, I need your juicy dino-dick right up my asshole." I tell him.
I stand up abruptly and march over to the edge of the deck, tearing off my pants and
underwear and then leaning over the railing. I look back at Gaygent Brontosaurus seductively,
offering a playful wink.
"Do you want to pound me?" I ask.
"With pleasure." The dinosaur says, straddling up behind me and then aligning his massive
cock with the puckered entrance of my tight, muscular ass. I can feel him testing the edges of my rim,
teasing the rod against the puckered tension of my well-sealed sphincter.
"Just do it." I beg. "I need you inside of my asshole! I want it so fucking bad!"
Immediately after I say this, Gaygent Brontosaurus thrusts forward, impaling me across the
length of his humongous dick. I yelp in surprise, my body immediately flooded with a mixture of pain
and pleasure as I struggle to take his giant Jurassic member.
The dinosaur wastes no time getting to work on my ass, pumping in and out of me with a firm
and powerful rhythm. It feels incredible. I brace myself against the railing, trying my best to take his
thrusts like a good little human twink while Gaygent Brontosaurus picks up speed.
Eventually, the massive creature is hammering away at my backside with everything he's got,
his dick plowing my asshole with a power unlike anything I've ever experienced.
"Oh my god!" I cry out. "Oh my god! Oh my god!" I can't stop repeating the phrase, which
falls from my lips every time that the beast thumps his hips against my butt.
I reach back and grab each of my ass cheeks, spreading myself out for Gaygent
Brontosaurus. I want to give myself to him completely, my body now his property to use however
he'd like.
"Do you like that you nasty little human?" The Jurassic monster asks me forcefully. "Does
that dino-dick feel good up your ass?"
"Yes!" I answer emphatically. "I love it!"
Suddenly, the dinosaur pulls himself out and spins me around. We kiss again for a moment
and then the next thing I know, I'm falling backwards as the beast climbs on top of my body.
Gaygent Brontosaurus pulls my feet back towards my head, exposing my asshole completely
as my rock hard dick projects out from my body. I reach down with one hand and start to frantically
beat myself off, my hand running rapidly up and down across the length of my shaft.
Once again, the dinosaur places his dick up against the freshly reamed entrance to my
asshole, only this time he doesn't hesitate. The next thing I know, Gaygent Brontosaurus is pounding
me right there on the deck, his dino-cock completely filling my insides while my feet remain pulled
back near my head. He slams me with just as much power as before, never letting up for a moment
while my body receives his prehistoric anal punishment.
As the enormous beast continues to ram me I can feel a powerful orgasmic ache blossoming
within. Part of it is the fact that his rod is skillfully massaging my prostate, hitting me just right from
deep inside my anus, and part of is it the rapid speed at which my tightly gripped hand travels back
and forth across my own cock. The feeling starts somewhere within my stomach and then eventually
begins to move outward, making it's way down my arms and legs as my eyes roll back into my head,
overwhelming me with an incredible pleasure that simply cannot be contained.
"Oh my god, I'm gonna cum!" I tell the dinosaur, my body starting to spasm wildly as
convulsions of pleasure pulse through me in a series of waves. Each one is bigger than the last,
growing and growing until finally the orgasm hits me hard and my abs clench tight. I throw my head
back and let out a howl the echoes up and down the beach, filling the night air with an uninhibited cry
of true passion. Several hot ropes of cum eject hard from the head of my cock, splattering up across
my chest as I grip tightly onto the wooden deck below me.
"Fuck!" I scream.
All the while, my dinosaur lover has not let up for a second, pounding away at my body like
he's some incredible reptilian jackhammer. He looks incredible up there, his button up shirt hanging
completely open to reveal the stunned set of abs beneath it. Gaygent Brontosaurus is as handsome as
they come, the perfect gentleman and the perfect monster.
I can tell by the speed of his pumps that the gaygent is about to blow his load as well.
"Cum inside of me!" I command. "Fill me with your dinosaur jizz!"
"I'm gonna cum!" Is all that the brontosaurus responds, suddenly throwing his head back and
then holding deep within me, his shaft unleashing a massive payload of prehistoric spunk up my
rectum.
The dinosaur continues to eject load after sticky load within me until finally my asshole
simply can't contain anymore and it comes squirting out from the edges of my tightly packed rim. I
gasp aloud as the jizz goes running down the crack of my ass and dribbles onto the deck below, then
once more as Gaygent Brontosaurus pulls out completely and spills even more of the pearly spunk
everywhere.
I collapse back onto the deck in utter exhaustion. "That was incredible." I say.
The dinosaur leans down with his massive neck and kisses me hard on the lips. "I love
you." He says. "Now lets wash off in the ocean together."
The next thing I know, the two of us are sprinting down the beach towards the water, laughing
and playing in the waves when we finally reach the sea. The brontosaurus dives into the darkened
water and I follow closely behind, swimming until I find him and then pulling his massive body close.
The seawater washes away our cum, leaving us rejuvenated and whole again as we stare
into one another's eyes.
"You did good back there." Gaygent Brontosaurus tells me. "Have you ever considered
working as a secret gaygent yourself?"
I freeze for a moment. "Are you serious?"
"I'm actually in need of a new partner." Says the handsome dinosaur. "On the job and in the
bedroom."
I smile and wrap my arms tightly around the beast's large neck. "I'd love to." I tell him.
"Where to next?"
"Everywhere." The dinosaur says with a smile. "I'm taking you everywhere."