"It's gonna be a long year for you up here." My fellow astronaut, Officer Pike, says. "You think
you're ready for it?"
"Ready as I'll ever be." I tell him with a slight smile.
I lean back in my chair and watch as Pike continues to pack his bags, preparing for his
launch home that looms just a few hours away. Lucky bastard.
Nothing can quite prepare you for the loneliness of space until you're actually here, floating
in orbit on a giant rock as it circles some distant star.
Pike knows this as well as I do, we were both stationed here on Zorbus two years ago,
taking over for two other astronauts who had just finished putting in their time. This would probably
give me some sort of solace, knowing that Pike fully understood the feelings of loneliness that were
already brewing up inside of me, but even given our shared experiences he has no idea what's in
store.
This is because, up until today, all astronauts participating in the Earth Outpost Program have
had a partner with them at all times. In fact, some of the more active stations can have up to six
humans inhabiting them at once.
Now, thanks to budget cuts, our tiny little station on Zorbus will have one single resident for
then next year; yours truly. This is not at all what I signed up for, but at this point I'm not exactly in
the position to argue.
"Just remember," Pike says with complete sincerity, "You're up here doing a lot of good for
the folks back down there on earth. Try not to forget it."
I let out a long sigh. "I know, I know."
Pike stops. "I don't think you do and I don't blame you. It's easy to get detached up here,
Lance, but you've gotta focus on the positives. Without us, earth would have no hope of ever finding
another home, I mean how many years do we have left down there, even with population control?"
"Ten, max." I tell him. This was the current scientific concurrence on Earth's lifespan, a
dreadful thought. "I know you're right, but what is it helping to have me just sit out here like this. We
already know that there's not enough oxygen on this rock to sustain life."
Pike smiles. "But there could be! There is hope here and you know that."
I shake my head. "I don't know man, we've been terraforming this dust for five years an
we're no better off than when we started." I wave an arm behind me, motioning towards the massive
glass window of the space station.
The entire wall is translucent, showing off a truly breathtaking view of a hilly grey landscape
beyond where two separate moons hang brilliantly in the dark sky. If I hadn't seen this view every
morning for far longer than I'd care to remember, I might even be moved to tears by the sight, a real
manifestation of mankind's commitment to science and space travel. Instead, I find myself
bored, reminded that as Pike is taking off in his shuttle pod towards earth, I'm going to be trekking
back across the massive grey dunes to gather data from the terraforming station.
"You know it could be much worse." Pike offers. "In station sixteen on Kerlin they don't
even have a gravity drive."
I'm in shock. "You mean they've just been… floating around in there?"
"Basically." Pike says. "At least you get to pretend you're on earth until you head outside."
I suppose I'm looking for any assurance that I can get at this point, because somehow Pike's
words actually make me feel a little bit better. I guess it's not that bad up here.
"You wanna play one last game of ping pong before you go?" I ask. "We can turn the gravity
low just like you like it."
Pike cracks a wry grin. "You're on."
I begin to stand when suddenly an announcement comes blaring over the space station's
loudspeakers in that same mechanical voice that I've come to know and love. "Shuttle Five Alpha
has arrived. Officer Pike is now dismissed."
Pike shrugs. "Guess I've gotta roll."
As Pike puts on his space suit I join him, figuring that I'll walk out to see him off and then
continue on my way to the terraforming outpost. We suit up quicker than normal as, clearly, Pike can't
wait to get off of this fucking rock, and then open the hatch door and step out into the dark, alien
landscape.
"Well, I'll be seeing you soon I guess." Officer Pike radios to me through his helmet,
exchanging a hug in our bulky white space suits.
"Yeah you will." I tell him. "In one year I'll buy you a beer back on Earth."
"Sounds like a plan." Pike says.
The officer walks over to his shuttle pod and punches in a few numbers on the keypad, then
steps back as the door lifts open. The dust is still settling from the ships recent landing in this low
gravity air.
"Fly safe." I offer through the static of our space suit headsets.
Pike nods and is about to close his shuttle door but then stops, looking at me with a deathly
seriousness. "All joking aside," he says. "Don't think too hard out here, stay light."
I give Pike a strange look, not quite fully understanding what he means.
"Space can get a little strange." Pike tells me. "People can start seeing things…" He trails
off. "Anyway, just take care of yourself."
"I will." I say with a nod.
Pike closes the shuttle door and then begins his countdown for launch, prompting me to step
back away from the ship. Moments later the entire thing starts to lift up into the air, propelled by its
minor gravity drive, and before I know it the shuttle is hurtling off through space so fast that I can
barely see it.
Suddenly, I am completely alone.
Still haunted by Pike's final words, I begin to make my usual walk across the hills of space
dust, towards our perpetually worthless terraforming station.
As much as I've gotten used to the sight of these alien vistas, I will admit that it still makes
me a little giddy every time that I go for a walk in such a low gravity environment. As I bound over
the hills, I'll admit that a smile slowly begins to cross my face.
It's only when I reach the top of the mount and look down the other side that I freeze in shock
and fear. There before me, some hundred yards away, is the terraforming station, just as it should be.
Beyond the station, however, is a figure that's clad in a space suit quite similar to mine.
The two of us seem to notice each other at almost exactly the same time, locked in a bizzare
stand off before, suddenly, the other figure turns and climbs aboard its two wheeled vehicle. The next
thing I know, the space suited figure is taking off into the distance, riding furiously down into an alien
valley before disappearing from my sight.
It all happens so quickly that I don't even have time to give chase, simply struck dumb as I
reel with the significance of what just happened.
"Holy shit." Is all that I can manage to say.
As I continue towards the terraforming station my head is swimming with kinds of confusing
thoughts. Was I already space crazy? Was I so upset by the thought of my impending loneliness that
I'd created a fellow astronaut in my head?
It's possible. Yet, as I arrive at the station and search the surrounding grounds, I find definite
footprints and wheel tracks in the dust. Unfortunately, as the space winds begin to pick up, I
quickly realize that I will not be able to follow them before they are swept away entirely.
I quickly fulfill my duties at the outpost and then immediately head back towards the main
station, wasting no time at all as I head inside and tear off my space suit.
"Computer, has earth sent another astronaut to join me?" I ask aloud.
"No, you will spend the next year alone." The space station computer says, its mechanical
voice echoing throughout the massive outpost.
"Are you sure, because I could have sworn that I just saw someone out there at the
terraforming unit." I continue.
"I am sure." States the computer flatly. "There are no records of any new arrivals at this
station."
I collapse onto the couch and look out at my tired and true view of the alien landscape,
letting out a long sigh. "Then who the fuck was out there tonight?" I ask myself.
I awaken to the sound of a loud knocking on the hatch door, and then sit upright in a frantic
moment of confusion.
"Pike?" I call out, glancing around as I try to get my bearings. I must have fallen asleep on
the couch.
It only takes me a few seconds to remember that Pike is no longer here with me, and a stab of
fear comes shooting through my heart. If not Pike knocking on the door, than who is it? Cautiously, I
stand up and walk over to the hatch, wondering now if the sound was nothing more than my paranoid
mind playing tricks on me.
The knocking comes again and I jump.
"Hello?" I call out.
Three more knocks.
My curiosity getting the best of me, I press a few buttons on the keypad to open the external
hatch. Fortunately, there is a camera set up right inside the holding area and I gasp aloud as I see that
same, spacesuit-wearing figure enter the chamber.
"Hello?" I say into the microphone next to me as the external door closes behind the
astronaut. "Who are you."
"Who are you?" Comes a voice from beneath the helmet.
"Lance Tanner of the Earth Outpost Program." I offer.
"Earth?" Asks the voice from inside the space suit.
"Yes." I tell him.
The voice starts to laugh, quietly at first and then in a loud, jovial tone. "We should talk."
Says the astronaut. "May I come in?"
I'm not exactly sure what the right call is here, but I can't just have this strange spaceman
standing in my hatch all day and I'm more than a little anxious to get to the bottom of all this. I sigh
and then reluctantly open the inside hatch door.
Suddenly, I'm standing face to face with the unknown spaceman.
"Lance, nice to meet you." I say, extending my hand.
The figure extends a gloved hand as well, which I immediately notice has only three fingers.
"I'm Orion." The figure responds. "And likewise."
There's a loud hiss as the window of his helmet slides upwards and I gasp aloud, recoiling
in shock. There beneath the tinted glass is the smiling face of a voracious velociraptor, one of the
most feared dinosaurs to ever roam the earth.
"But you're… You're a…" I stammer.
"A dinosaur?" Asks the beast. "Yes."
I feel faint, suddenly completely convinced that I'm suffering from some kind of severe space
delusion. "But, that makes no sense." I say.
"I agree," Says the raptor. "I was told that this planet was entirely uninhabited."
"Who told you that?" I ask, shocked.
"The raptor scientists back on Earth Two." The prehistoric beast responds flatly.
This is too much to take in all at once. My head throbbing with anxiety, I step backwards
and then have a seat on the couch once again. "This can't be real." I start to repeat over and over
again. "This can't be real. This can't be real."
"I can assure you that I'm very real." Says Orion.
"Then what the fuck are you talking about?!" I shout, finally losing it. "What is Earth Two?"
The raptor astronaut nods in understanding. "Ah yes, I can see where the confusion could
come from. I'm assuming that back on Earth One you were taught that my people died in some kind of
ice age? Something like that?"
I nod.
The dinosaur chuckles. "That's some revisionist history for you. No, there was no ice age.
The real reason that the dinosaurs aren't around anymore is because we all left, in search of a larger
and more forgiving planet than Earth One. We sailed the stars for many years until finding a suitable
home on Earth Two, but we still like to keep tabs on all parts of the galaxy."
"Is that what you're doing here?" I ask.
The dinosaur nods. "Yep. All alone in an empty solar system."
As Orion says this I detect a deep sadness behind his eyes, something that I can relate with
all too well.
"Well…" I start, not exactly sure where I'm headed. "I mean, we're both up here together, I
can't see why we can't hang out a bit."
I see a faint glimmer of hope behind Orion's dinosaur expression. "Yeah?" He asks.
"Sure. You play ping pong?"
Over the next few days Orion continues to come by the station and hang out. The two of us
are an incredible duo, talking for hours on end about our experiences in space or trading nostalgic
stories about our home worlds. Despite being a bloodthirsty dinosaur carnivore, Orion is actually
incredibly sweet and has a truly gentle soul. The longer that we spend together, the more I find myself
drawn to him, attracted even. Our difference in species surely couldn't classify me as gay, could it?
As they days turn into weeks, and weeks into months, I begin to wonder if I'd even care.
Finally, after a long night of ping pong and chowing down on astronaut ice cream, me and
Orion find ourselves lounging on the couch and looking out over the grey hills together.
"Can I ask you a personal question?" I start, watching the dinosaur from the corner of my
eye.
Orion smiles. "Sure thing, Lance. Shoot."
"You ever think about what it would be like to fuck a human." I ask. My heart is now
thumping ferociously in my chest, but I try to remain calm and even keeled.
"Yeah, I mean, who hasn't?" Orion offers. "The thing is, I'm a pretty big dinosaur and
human women are just to delicate. I would probably crush one if I tried."
I let his words linger in the air for a moment, not sure if I should say what I so desperately
want to. But it's now or never, I think to myself, taking a deep breath.
"What about a human man?" I question.
I can see the raptors expression suddenly change as understanding washes over him. "Yeah,
I think I might be into that actually." Orion tells me.
"I mean, it's not gay if it's a dude raptor and a dude human, right?" I ask.
"Totally not gay." Says the dinosaur. "The raptor would have to be in control though;
dominating, even."
"Yeah." I sigh, my cock rock hard in my pants.
There's a moment of silence.
"Get down on your knees." The raptor suddenly commands.
Seizing the moment I follow his instructions, slipping off of the couch and crawling onto my
hands and knees in front of him. I sit with my head at the level of Orion's lap and look up with my big
brown eyes.
"Unzip me." Orion instructs.
I shaking as I slowly reach up and pull down the zipper of his space pants, where a massive
red dino cock is just waiting to be unleashed from its fabric prison.
"Take it out." Orion demands. "You need to be punished for being such a filthy little…
human."
"I am a filthy little human." I repeat, coyly, then pull down the waistband of his space briefs
and remove Orion's enormous raptor rod. I grip it tightly and then start to pump my firm grip up and
down over his length.
Orion leans back into his chair, reeling from the incredible sensation of my touch. I start
slowly at first and then gain speed until I find a pleasant rhythm, using both hands to fully service his
huge scaly cock.
"Do you like that?" I ask. "How does it feel to punish your astronaut human sex toy?"
"Oh my god, that's so amazing." Orion moans, placing his claws around the back of my head
and pulling me closer to him. "Now let me punish that pretty gay mouth of yours."
I open wide as Orion guides me over the end of his shaft, pushing keep into my mouth as I
wrap my lips tightly around the girth of his dick. He keeps forcing me deeper and deeper until finally
his swollen cock hits the back of my gag reflex and I retch loudly, pulling back and releasing his
member from my throat. I cough and sputter a bit, trying to collect myself as salty tears stream down
my face.
"You're gonna take that dinosaur dick and you're gonna like it." Orion tells me, taking me by
the head and thrusting me down again. "You should have known better than to test me. My people
have been fucking for billions of years before you humans we were even around."
This time I'm ready for his length, however, and as the head of his cock hits my gag reflex I
somehow manage to relax enough to let him pass. Now without a limit to his dominating deep throat,
Orion pushes me down until my head is pressed deep into his lap, my eyes and nose forced up against
his rock hard reptile abs. Orion holds me here for a moment, enjoying the sensation of being entirely
consumed within my throat, and then finally pulls me back and begins to pump my head up and down
over his shaft.
When Orion finally lets me up for air I take a massive gasp and then climb up to kiss him
deeply on the mouth. I reach down between my legs and grab his now slippery dick in my hand,
beating it rapidly while using the leftover spit from my mouth as lube.
"Pound me like the homo spaceboy that I am." I beg.
Orion smiles as I say this, then reaches up and pulls my shirt off over my head. My space
pants and underwear come down over next, completely exposing myself to the raptor.
"Do you want to fuck me?" I ask.
Suddenly, Orion stands up from the couch and grabs me by the arms, spinning me around and
tossing me down onto the cushion in his place.
"I'm the one that decides who gets fucked around here." He says, slapping me hard on the
ass.
I'm leaned over the couch now, facing away from him with my muscular gay butt popped out
in the air as Orion saddles up behind me and begins to align his member with my puckered asshole.
Seconds later, Orion is pushing forward into me, testing the limits of my aching tightness.
I let out a long moan of pleasure as he fills me up, gripping hard onto the back of the chair in
front of me. "Oh fuck, you're the best dinosaur bud a guy could ask for." I whimper. "Discipline me,
I need it."
Orion starts to push in and out of me, slowly at first and the gaining speed with each
successive swoop until finally he's pounding into me at a steady pace, shaking the couch beneath me
with every slam against my ass. I reach back with both hands and spread myself open for him, so that
he can get a good look at the toned young body he's railing.
"Do you like what you see?" I ask playfully, looking back over my shoulder at the strong,
ancient beast as he rams me.
Orion reaches forward and grabs me by the base of my hair with his claw, pulling me back
towards him as he continues to rail me from behind. "Take this dick and shut your mouth." He
commands. "The dinosaur is dishing out the punishment here, so the humans don't get to ask
questions."
"Yes, sir." I answer meekly.
"What the fuck was that?" Orion counters.
"Yes, sir!" I say a little louder.
"Good." Orion tells me. He's pounding me as hard as he can now, the force of our fucking
literally scooting the couch across the space station floor.
I can feel the pleasant sensation of a prostate orgasm blossoming deep within me, simmering
to a boil of pleasure that makes me tremble with anticipation. I reach down and play with my dick to
help myself along, edging closer and closer until I'm just about ready to erupt when suddenly Orion
pulls out and flips me over.
I'm laying on my back in the couch now with my legs spread wide, completely open and
exposed like that filthy gay boy that I am.
Orion climbs forward towards me a bit, using the couch as leverage while he aligns his cock
with my ass and then thrusts forward. I let out a long groan of pleasure as he pulses within my depths,
holding my ripped legs back while I quake with wild passion.
"I can't believe I'm doing this." I mumble, and then start to frantically repeat over and over
again. "I can't believe I'm doing this, I can't believe I'm fucking doing this."
The more the feelings of orgasm grow within me, the more I feel as though I'm moving
towards a state of real shock. The events of the evening are catching up with me and suddenly I find
myself in a blissed out sexual trance. I start to frantically stroke my dick and moments later the
powerful sensation of orgasm explodes within me.
I kick my legs out straight as my stomach clenches tight in a series of mighty spasms, gritting
my teeth as the words "Oh fuck" force their way through them in a tense hiss. Moments later, A
second wave of ecstasy hits me and suddenly I'm throwing my head back and howling with pleasure,
unable to contain the sensations that explode through my body. My cum splatters everywhere.
Orion doesn't let up for a second, pummeling my tight asshole with everything that he's got
while I cum hard. When the waves of pleasure finally subside he grabs me around the waist and lifts
me up into the air, putting an arm under each leg so that he's completely in control of my movements.
He lowers me down and suddenly I find myself being pumped forcefully over Orion's hard dinosaur
shaft, my muscular frame brutally impaled onto his thickness as I cry out for more.
"Fuck me harder!" I scream. "Use that tight ass with your big raptor dick!"
Kick slams me as hard as he can onto his rod, the muscles in his scaled arms rippling with
every movement.
"You've been a very bad astronaut." Orion tells me, his raptor face pressed hard against
mine as we pump together in sweaty unison. "So you're gonna take my Jurassic load up your asshole
and you're gonna like it."
"Yes, sir." I tell him. "Fill me with that hot load."
"Beg me!" Orion demands.
"Please fill me with your nasty dino load!" I cry out. "I want your jizz inside of me!"
"More!" He screams in my face. "Tell me to fucking cum!"
"Blow your load inside of me!" I answer back with equal fervor.
The pace quickens to an incredible speed, Orion slamming up into my butthole like a
jackhammer as I hang in the air before him. Moments later, he leans back his head and lets out a
powerful roar while pushing deep and holding.
"I'm cumming!" Orion yells, his thick dick erupting within me. I can feel his warm jizz spill
up into my tightness in a series of commanding ejections, his cock twitching hard with every load
until my entire asshole is filled. When there's no room left his spunk comes spilling out from the
edges and onto the space station floor in a splatter of pearly white.
The raptor holds me in the air like this for a minute while we both catch our breath and then
slowly lowers me down to the ground, where I stand on woozy legs.
"Fuck, that was incredible." Orion tells me, clearly just as exhausted as I am.
"I think that the next year up here is going to work out just fine." I tell the dinosaur, unable to
keep the smile from spreading out across my face as I lay back against the soft couch behind me.