You would think that my return home from over a year on Zorbus would be met with celebration,
excitement, and a sense of victory. After all, we accomplished our mission, discovering the existence
of yet another planet besides Earth that could sustain life.
Of course, this other planet (known as Earth 2) is far, far away from our own little blue rock
in the solar system, but getting there is not out of the realm of possibility. It's going to take a lot of
hard work and gumption to get it done, but I suppose that's true of all great things and, if there is one
thing that I believe in, it's the power of human beings to band together and overcome any obstacle.
I chuckle aloud as I think this, realizing that I'll need to change the way I say things from now
on. The term" human beings" just isn't going to cut it anymore, now that I've got Orion by my side.
I reach across the black leather of the car's back seat, taking Orion's large raptor claw in my
hand and holding it tight. The dinosaur has been staring out the window as we wind through this
Washington DC traffic, his head clearly just as clouded and full of anxiety as mine is.
I don't know what I would do without him right now which, in it's own strange way, makes
things even harder.
"It's gonna be okay," Orion tells me in his deep raptor drawl, his yellow eyes flickering
open and shut.
"I know," I tell him with a sigh, not believing it for a second but doing my best to put on a
strong face.
As strange as it is that Orion and I are carrying out an interspecies relationship between
dinosaur and human, that doesn't even hold a candle to the strangeness of our initial meeting.
I am world-renowned astronaut, Lance Tanner of the Earth Outpost Program, sanctioned with
the unequivocally important role of searching out planets that could one day be inhabitable for human
life as Earth becomes more and more toxic. I was stationed alone on a distant, desolate rock when
Lance and I met. Lance had been assigned a mission of discovery from his home world, Earth 2, a
beautiful, mirror-like planet for all creatures that left us during what we humans had been lead to
believe was the ice age, and the extinction of all dinosaurs.
This extinction was, in fact, false. In reality the dinosaurs realized what we humans took so
long to figure out on our own. Earth is dying, and it has been for a long, long time.
Of course, it doesn't help to have massive corporations mining away at Earth's core and
speeding up the process, but we'll get to that later. What's important to understand now is that Lance
and I came together in the most unusual of circumstances, and discoursed in one another the most
incredible love in the entire galaxy.
"I don't want them to take you away from me," I tell my dinosaur companion, unbuckling my
seatbelt and scooting over next to him. I rest my head on the massive creature's large, scaly body,
shivering slightly at the pleasant chill of his cold blood.
"We've already talked about this. You need to follow your astronaut dreams, Lance," Orion
insists, "I promise, everything's going to be okay, and I promise that one day I'll see you again." His
comments are very kind, despite the fact that I know he has no say in the matter.
"That's not up to you," I tell him. "It's up to the courts to decide."
The dinosaur doesn't respond, just breathes deep and turns to look out the window.
"We're here," the driver says over his shoulder as our vehicle suddenly lurches to a stop.
I kiss Orion deeply, one last time. "Are you sure you don't want to come in with me?" I ask.
"I don't think it's going to help your case," the raptor replies. "I mean, some people just
don't understand that love is real. You've gotta put yourself in there position. They're so used to
everything working a certain way, women kissing men, men kissing men… not men kissing
dinosaurs."
I want to protest but I know that he's right. Even the most liberal of juries is going to have a
hard time with this muscular dinosaur sitting there in the courtroom while I argue my case. It's better
if we part ways here.
"I'll see you soon." I tell him, my voice quaking. We both know that's not going to happen,
but we're trying our best to pretend.
"I love you," Orion says to me one last time.
"I love you, too" I assure him.
We kiss again and then I finally muster up the discipline to pull away and push out through
the car's door. I stand up on the sidewalk before the courthouse as flash bulbs burst with blinding
luminescence. I shield my eyes, stunned for a moment as I struggle to collect my bearings.
"Mr. Tanner!" someone interjects, shoving a microphone in my face. "Is it true you hate
unicorns?"
"What?" I stammer.
"We understand that your mission was funded off the profits of illegally traded unicorn tears,
do you have anything to say to that?"
"I mean…" I'm still trying to collect my bearings, struggling to sort through her words. "No,
wait, yeah I do. That's really bad, I didn't know anything about it."
The reporter nods and repeats my words back to me. "Really bad… so you're saying it's not
awful? Is that what you're saying?"
"No, I just…" I start.
"Because it sounds like you're not really coming out against the illegal trade of unicorn
tears," the reporter continues.
"I literally heard about it five seconds ago," I counter. "That sounds terrible, I don't really
know anything about it but it sounds really bad and I don't support that."
The reporter nods. "Okay it's really hard to understand you when you speak in code like this.
Can you just answer the question? Do you or don't you support bad guys doing bad things? Because
you haven't really come out against them."
"I don't support bad guys," I try to say as clearly as I possibly can.
The reporter just stares at me blankly. "So you're not going to come out against them?"
Suddenly, someone from the mob pushes me from behind and I stumble forward. The entire
gang of hungry journalists and newscasters has reached a tipping point and I realize now that if I don't
continue onward there is going to be a problem.
I hurry up the front steps of the courthouse amid calls for my resignation and questions about
my sexuality, then finally push forward into the foyer where, thankfully, press are not allowed.
If this was some Hollywood movie or fantastical short story then right about now a young
hotshot lawyer would be rushing up to greet me, but unfortunately reality has a slightly more bitter
taste. While I'm on trial, the World Government has frozen my accounts, and I had more than a few
issues with their public defender that was assigned to me. Because of this, I have been representing
myself, for better or worst.
I'll be the first to admit, I'm not the most eloquent person, and as far as legal jargon goes I'm
completely out of touch. It takes a long night of working with helpful friends to translate my words
into something that sounds even the slightest bit like a speech fit for a courtroom.
For the most part, this has actually ended up just fine. However, today, the final day of the
case, my limited abilities of speaking off-the-cuff will be put to the test.
I stop for a moment, looking up at a massive statue representing the scales of justice before
me. It's a woman with a blindfold, with a heart in one hand and a disembodied butt in the other. She
appears to be testing their weight, trying to determine which side is more important.
I let out a long sigh and then walk across the foyer to the courtroom.
The second that I walk inside the entire room turns around in their seats to look at me,
glazing with a sizzling sense of hatred in their eyes. I remind myself to smile and then walk down the
center isle, pushing through the gate and heading right up to the witness stand, where I will be sworn
in.
I clerk walks over as I take my seat and turns around, bending down to reveal his toned
muscular ass.
"Place your hand on the butt," the judge, a rather large and imposing man, says to me.
I do as I'm told, taking hold of the handsome clerk's firm rear before me.
"Repeat after me," the judge instructs. "I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing
but the truth, so pound my butt."
I repeat the words and then the clerk immediately straightens up and buckles his belt. As the
clerk walks away the opposing lawyer approaches me, his hair slicked back and a pair of thick-
rimmed glasses sitting at the end of his nose. I can tell just from looking at him that he's totally ripped
under that suit.
"Do you know why you're here?" the lawyer asks. "Can you tell me, in your own words,
why you're here in this courtroom today?"
"Because I won't break up with my dinosaur boyfriend from space." I announce.
I can hear a ripple of uncomfortable murmurs make their way through the jury box, the crowd
exchanging awkward glances with one another.
The lawyer chuckles to himself. "You see, I thought you would say that, and it paints a…
weird… but pretty picture. In reality though, you're here because you broke space code number four.
Can you tell me, out loud, what astronaut space code number four is?"
"I will not be weird in space." I tell him, directly from my astronaut rule book.
The lawyer raps his knuckles hard on the wooden railing next to him, nearly boiling over
with energy now. "Exactly! Now, I don't know about yo,u but I would call a man and a raptor making
love in space a little strange… a little odd… a little weird. Don't you agree?"
I swallow hard, all eyes on me.
"Well… I mean…" I start. "I know that what me and Orion have is different from what
you're used to, but I'm a good astronaut, and so is he. Just because we go about it in an unusual way
doesn't mean that it's wrong."
The lawyer shakes his head and then walks over to a desk where a large gray projector sits.
He flips a switch to turn the machine on and it whirs to life, casting a brilliant square image on the
wall across from us. The picture on the wall depicts a man and a raptor in space suits,
holding one another in a warm embrace as their lips meet. Behind them, four alien moons hang in the
black, starry sky.
"You think this is any way for the general public to see astronauts?" the lawyer questions.
"It looks like they're in love," I counter.
The lawyer scoffs "Weird love! It's not anything that I'm comfortable with and hey, that's
coming from a very liberal person, you know. I'm very accepting, but I know a joke when I see one!"
"I don't see what the joke is," I tell him, "and even if it was a joke, what's wrong with jokes
in space?"
"Space is very fucking serious!" the lawyer screams, grabbing a stack of papers off of his
desk and throwing them across the courtroom. The pages flutter and fall through the air, spiraling this
way and that as everyone looks on in collective shock and amazement.
Once the pages finally settle, the whole room drops into silence. The lawyer takes a deep
breath and then steps towards me menacingly. "Listen here, Lance, you're just too fucking weird for
space. Space has a rich history and we can't have you going up there and ruining it for everyone. You
remember Neil Armstrong? You remember Buzz Aldren? You going up there and making out with
raptors and shit is just spitting it their faces."
I thought I could handle this, thought that I could withstand all of this anger and rage coming
at me from every side, but in this moment I suddenly have my doubts. Even the strongest astronauts
have their times of weakness.
I can feel the tears welling up in my eyes at the hands of this ferocious legal bully, but
suddenly I remember the smiling face of Orion, his big beautiful raptor grin as he kissed me one last
time.
Suddenly, my heart surges with an inner strength and I collect myself, straightening up in my
chair.
"Okay, but what about all of the normal people out there who are talking about space now?"
I question. "It's all over the news! Before any of this, we couldn't even get enough funding to keep
two astronauts on Zorbus at the same time! Do you realize that? The world is literally ending and
nobody cares enough about space to pay for it!"
This seems to make a lot of sense to the jury, who I can see chatting amongst themselves.
The lawyer is not buying it though. "We all want funding for the space program, but not like
this," he says, motioning up to the image of raptor and man embracing onscreen. "This is just dumb."
"Who says it's dumb?" I question.
The lawyer thinks for a minute. "Well, I do."
"And you know better than everyone else… because?" I continue.
The lawyer rolls his eyes. "Listen I've been working in space trials for years, I'm a big part
of the space community. I know what's dumb and what's not."
"Okay," I counter, "but did you ever think that something could be dumb… and good?"
There is more chatter from the jury box again.
The lawyer laughs. "Ha! In space stuff? Not a chance, space is for smart people."
"Maybe that's why nobody likes it enough to get a rocket off the ground," I offer. "You know
Chuck Buckarooski once said ‘An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way, an artist says a hard
thing in a simple way.'"
The lawyer is silent for a moment and for the first time I can sense that he truly feels he is
losing a bit of ground.
"Have you ever heard of Andy Kaufm—" I start but the lawyer interjects.
"Who is the space lawyer here? You or me?" the man yells. "Forget about how weird you are
for a minute. There's a much more important part of this case and that's the fact that your rocket was
funded by Scoundrels Inc."
The lawyer presses a button on his slide machine and flips the projected image to a brand
new one. In this photo, a group of shirtless men in tight pink briefs are harassing a tied down unicorn,
poking it with sticks as tears stream down from the unicorns eyes. Meanwhile, one of the men is
collecting the tears in a glass vial.
The lawyer says nothing, waiting for me to speak first.
"And… you don't think that's weird?" I question. "Like, you don't think that's the slightest
bit… gay?"
The lawyer is shocked, scoffing loudly. "Scoundrels Inc. are the manliest men around."
I narrow my eyes but decide to say nothing regarding this collection of posturing, homoerotic
figures.
"What do you say to the charges that your entire flight to and from Zorbus was funded by
Scoundrels Inc?" asks the lawyer. "They have destroyed the core of the earth with their drilling, and
now they're torturing our unicorns!"
"Well, I just found out about it a second ago, but clearly they're not very nice guys. I mean
they're hurting that unicorn and they seem like pretty bad folks." I tell the lawyer. "It's horrible, it
really is, but I was up in space for the last few years. I don't really have anything to do with that."
"Well, you could accept your charges and let someone else fly to space in your place,"
suggests the lawyer. "A real astronaut who deserves to be there, not some raptor loving dummy."
I consider this a moment and then finally, reluctantly ask, "who?"
"Oh we've got plenty of astronauts lined up!" the lawyer says triumphantly. "We've got
Steves Kingy and Neels Gaban, two very famous and successful astronauts."
I can't help but realize that I've heard these names before and suddenly my brain is off and
running, turning over a mile a minute as I search through the memory banks until, finally, I find what I
was looking for.
"Wait a minute," I shout. "Those guys were funded by Scoundrels Inc. too!"
The entire jury box gasps.
"Wait, wait, wait," the lawyer says, trying to calm everyone down. "Okay, maybe they we're
funded by Scoundrels Inc, but these are two very serious astronauts, not weird and gay like the
defendant here."
"Weird according to you," I interject.
"Listen, there are plenty of other astronauts that we can find," protests the lawyer, "ones that
don't quite fit in. Something leftfield and overlooked."
"So… I'm weird but not overlooked enough?" I question.
"Leftfield and serious," the lawyer counters. "How many times to I have to say it, space is
not a fucking joke."
"Okay, listen." I offer, taking the reigns. "How many of these astronauts were funded by
Scoundrels Inc?"
The lawyer hesitates. "Pretty much all of them."
I let this sink in.
"So, you're telling me that you would rather just not go into space at all?" I ask, suddenly
much more upset then I expected to be and in an entirely different way. "The core of the earth is dying
because of these guys, right? The fate of the planet is up to astronauts exploring new worlds and
inspiring others to do the same, and your answer is to just burn it all to the ground because my
version of space is not serious enough for you?"
"It was funded by Scoundrels Inc," the lawyer repeats like a skipping record. "You wouldn't
have been up there in the first place if it wasn't for Scoundrels Inc."
Finally, I lose my cool. "Who wasn't funded by their own Scoundrels Inc. in some way?!
This entire courtroom was built on the backs of terrible crimes, should we just burn it all to the
ground? Should we let all the diabetics die because insulin was tested on animals? I understand that
they're bad, horrible people but, oh my god, you're more committed to destroying the earth than they
are! Do you really think I am that bad of an astronaut? Is there really absolutely nothing redeeming
about a man and a raptor falling in love in space? Maybe space law should start to consider that the
earth we stand on is part of space too, and maybe the whole experience of this event bringing the
world together to talk about space raptors is, in itself, a beautiful work of fucking art that is larger
than just rocket ships and these god damn scoundrels! Maybe the fact that you're standing right here
listening to me in this very moment talking about fucking space has been the point from the very
beginning!"
With that, I fall back into my chair, exhausted and shaken up by my outburst but feeling
strangely at ease. I am a changed man, finally driven to the point of shedding my discomfort for
public speaking in this passionate outburst.
The entire courtroom is silent for a very, very long time until finally the judge speaks up.
"I've just received word from the jury… You make a very good case Mr. Tanner. The court has
decided to leave it up to you, either you can denounce your dinosaur lover and be free to return to
your mission as an astronaut, committed to providing a very normal face for the Earth Outpost
Program, or you can stay with your raptor and accept that you are just too different for space, and not
in the right kind of way that we like. You will then relinquish your position to someone less dumb, as
selected by this lawyer who claims to know better."
All of my work preparing for the trial suddenly seems meaningless. I know exactly what I've
been fighting for, but I also know that the consequences mean I'll never be able to see my true love
again. I look out across the courtroom, locking eyes with the lawyer, then the jury, then the observers
on crowded benches. My gaze drifts on and on to the back until, suddenly, I see something that I never
could have prepared for. Sitting in the corner as inconspicuously as possible is Orion, my space
raptor lover.
The dinosaur told me that he was waiting in the car, knowing full well that we would
probably never see each other again and trying his best to help my case. At the end of the day, though,
he just couldn't say no to love, and I realize then and there that neither can I.
"No," I say, standing up proudly in the witness box. "I don't care if it's weird to get pounded
by raptors in space. Just because you all think it's strange doesn't mean that it's not fun, or exciting, or
good, or real, and it certainly doesn't mean that our love doesn't deserve to be recognized. I'm gay
and I want to get pounded by this dinosaur. I don't care if Scoundrels Inc. is why we met. When
assholes are assholes you don't react by shutting it all down and doing half their work for them, you
react by finding joy in the darkness! Fuck ‘em; stop letting them fund rockets for the next mission if
that's what you want to do! In the meantime, I'm here to make sweet, sweet love to this raptor and
show the world that, even in space, love and positivity and hope and openness conquer all. If you all
want to shut down the space program because of this then so be it, I'll still be in my back yard trying
to build rockets and getting pounded up the ass by my raptor."
With that, the entire courtroom bursts into a wild applause; judge, jury and lawyer included. I
hop over the railing of the witness box and run across the room to greet Orion in the middle, the two
of us immediately locking in a beautiful embrace.
We kiss each other deeply as the crowd's cheering rises to a deafening volume.
"Love, is, real! Love, is, real!" they all start to chant rhythmically.
Tears of joy filling my eyes, I suddenly find myself overwhelmed by gay arousal and drop
down to my knees. I reach up and unbutton Orion's pants, letting his utterly enormous raptor cock
spring out towards my face in all of it's prehistoric glory.
Without hesitation, I open wide and swallow his cock, bobbing my head up and down along
the length of his shaft and a series of slow pumps that become faster and faster over time. Eventually,
I am pumping myself over him at incredible speeds, my enthusiasm matched only by the crowd that
surrounds us until, finally, I push down all the way and hold him here in a stunning deep throat.
Orion lets out a deep dinosaur groan, placing his claws against the back my head and holding
me here, controlling my movements in a way that sends a sharp tingle down my spine. I look up at him
with eyes full of love and appreciation, proud to find myself in such a beautifully venerable position
before all these onlookers.
Orion keeps me down here for as long as I can manage and then finally lets me up.
I erupt away from the handsome beast with a wild gasp of air, struggling to collect myself as
a long strand of saliva hangs between my lips and the head of his rock hard dinosaur cock.
"I love you," I tell the handsome raptor. "I don't care what anyone else thinks about what we
have."
I stand up and unbuckle my belt, pulling off my pants and underwear, then sauntering over to
my desk. I bend over it, popping my bare ass out towards the sexy dinosaur before reaching back with
one hand to hold my butt open for him.
"You like what you see?" I ask Orion.
"Fuck yeah," the raptor confirms, stepping up behind me and teasing the rim of my puckered
asshole with his mammoth dick.
"Do it!" I command. "Shove that space raptor cock right up into my tight little asshole!"
The raptor thrusts forward with all of his weight, plowing into me in one long, firm thrust
that causes me to toss my head back and let out a yelp of surprise. My butthole struggles to come to
terms with his enormous size, still not completely used to the sheer girth of my lover after the past
year.
I brace myself on the desk as this incredible dinosaur pumps in and out of me. Luckily, Orion
is an especially competent lover, hitting the depths of my butt in just the right way with even his
hardest and most brutal pounds. As he gains speed, the sensations of pleasure begin to blossom deep
within me, a slight simmer at first that eventually boils over into every aspect of my being. Soon
enough, I can feel the surges of erotic sensation shooting up and down my arms and legs, building and
building with every thrust again my backside.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck!" I start to mumble to myself, repeating the words in a loop as my eyes roll
back into my head. "Oh my god, I'm gonna cum so fucking hard!"
My dinosaur lover leans forward so that his entire body is over me now, whispering into my
ear with his sweet raptor lips. "Not yet," the majestic Jurassic creature says. "I want to savor this
moment a bit longer."
As intoxicating as the idea of blowing my load right here and now may be, I follow Orion's
instructions, allowing him to back off with the pummeling of my asshole. I collect my senses and
somehow return to the edge of this orgasmic cliff, saving myself for the inevitable high dive into
pleasure that is yet to come.
Orion pulls out of me and then lifts me to my feet so that my back is against his ripped,
muscular chest. He places a fearsome raptor claw beneath each of my legs and then hoists me into the
air, spreading me open and aligning his cock with my already reamed butthole.
I am completely at Orion's whim now, and out on display for the crowd before us. I feel
utterly exposed as who I really am, my deepest desires now publically outed in a beautiful, freeing
way.
Moments later, my space raptor lover slams me down across the length of his cock, impaling
my body completely on his length until I come to rest at the hilt. Orion wastes no time getting to work
as he pumps me over his dick, using the force of gravity to provide his slams with even more force.
Every successive pound causes my body to tremble even harder than before, a long groan
escaping limply from my mouth as I come to terms with the way that this enormous prehistoric
monster is using me. It's not long before I can feel the sensation of prostate orgasm building within me
once again, only this time I reach down in front of me and begin to help myself along, beating my cock
to the rhythm of the powerful slams up my ass.
"I'm ready," I tell him, my voice quaking. "I'm ready to show the world what our love
means!"
Faster and faster we go until it feels as though a flesh jackhammer has gone rouge on my
butthole. I clench my teeth, bracing for the impact and then suddenly the orgasm hits me like a truck,
tearing through my body in wave after wave of overwhelming pleasure. I'm shaking hard, ropes of
milky jizz exploding from the head of my shaft in a fountain of glorious pearly cum.
This display of raw, powerful gayness pushes the cheers of the court into an even louder
roar, the entire building shaking around us now.
Immediately, Orion pushes me down and holds me deep, letting out a ferocious velociraptor
screech as he blows his load up my rectum. I can feel his seed filling me to the brim until there is just
not enough room left, and his spunk comes squirting out from its tightly packed rim. It spills onto the
courtroom floor in beautiful patterns of our love.
Eventually, the cheering dies down and Orion lowers me onto the floor once again, the two
of us panting, exhausted, and covered in sweat. We turn to face the judge, whose cheeks are streaked
with tears of joy.
"That was… beautiful," the judge says. He glances over at the lawyer who is also weeping
now, overwhelmed by a powerful and supreme sense of real love. "I think I speak for everyone when
I say," the judge continues, "that you've shown us love can overcome the odds, no matter what they
may be. I think the best way to show these tricksters at Scoundrels Inc. is to implement a new system
of funding for future missions, but right now you're the only hope we've got and, god damn it, I'm
okay with space getting a little weird sometimes."
"Thank you, your honor." I reply with a nod.
"I'd like to propose that we send you and your space raptor lover back up there on a mission
of love, to show the whole galaxy that all love is real when it brings joy and laugher. I now declare
you Interstellar Ambassadors of Pounding. Do you accept?"
"We accept," Orion and I reply in unison.
"Then get in that rocket and go find some alien butts!" the judge announces, banging him
gavel loudly.