Nothing puts things into perspective like looking back over your shoulder and watching planet earth
fade away into the distance, a little blue dot in an otherwise empty sea of jet black nothing sprinkled
with twinkling stars. Soon enough, my beautiful home planet has disappeared completely.
I let out a long sigh, trying desperately to come to terms with all of the powerful emotions
that are now swimming through my body. I know full well that it is very likely I'll never see my
friends again, never walk down the street outside of my home and never visit my favorite restaurant.
It's not that Earth 2 is all that far away, we just don't have the resources to get back and who knows
what will happen once we arrive. I don't expect a return trip.
Fortunately, the most important thing in my life I didn't have to leave back at home, it's
sitting right here in the co-pilot's chair next to me. I smile and glance over at Orion, the raptor
astronaut that has stuck by my side through so much; from our chance meeting on the desolate planet
Zorbus, to the lengthy court battle that eventually determined my fate as an astronaut, and the fate of
the world.
It's not easy getting a rocket this big into the air, and the politics involved in such a task are
breathtakingly depressing. After learning that my original missions had been funded by the notorious
corporation, Scoundrels Inc, it seemed that all hope was lost in the future of gay dinosaur and human
space exploration.
Fortunately, love concurs all, and after the trial it was decided that Orion and me would still
be allowed to ascend to the stars, despite the way that we got there. Sometimes you can't choose your
heroes, because they don't even choose themselves.
With the fate of all humanity on the line, however, it's the only choice that we've got. The
Earth is dying, and right now refuge on Earth 2 is our only hope.
"Did you hear?" Orion asks me as the shaking of our rocket finally settles down to a soft,
smooth hum, our ship finally entering the hollowness of deep space.
I shake my head, not exactly sure what my handsome dinosaur companion is talking about.
"Vam Dox is out of prison," Orion informs me.
The notorious leader of international corporation Soundrels Inc, Vam Dox took most of the
heat after our trial. When it was revealed to the court, and the general public, that most of their profits
had been attained through the illegal sale of unicorn tears. Scoundrels Inc was closed and Vam Dox
was sent to prison for life. At least, that's what they thought.
"What do you mean he's out of prison?" I question. "He's the most hated man on the planet!"
"He broke out," explains Orion. "It was all over the news a few weeks ago. I wasn't sure if
you'd seen it or if you were too deep into your space training to pay attention."
I hadn't seen the news, but the thought sends a chill down my spine. We'll probably never
head back to Earth 1 during this lifetime, but I'd like to think that my people were at peace, not having
to deal with this madman anymore than they had to.
"This is exactly why I wasn't sure if I should mention it," offers Orion, noticing the sharp
change in my mood.
"I know, I'm sorry," I tell him.
My dinosaur lover sweeps is clawed arm across the view screen before us, gesturing to the
cosmic beauty in this ever expanding field of stars. "Look at all this," offers Orion. "This is wonder,
this is beauty. There's no reason to get bogged down in all of that garbage. We're here to save
humanity, that's what you need to remember."
He's right. It's silly to get off track like this. Right now my mind should be on the mission at
hand: finding Orion's home planet and diplomatically securing a safe haven for the population of
Earth 1 before it is completely destroyed thanks to scoundrel's like Vam Dox.
Eventually, our vessel stops shaking completely, leaving Orion and me in a state of welcome
calm. Everything is completely silent and still, despite the fact that our ship is still hurtling forward at
an unbelievable rate.
"Well, I guess we better get used to this," offers my dinosaur companion. "If my calculations
are correct, we should be arriving at Earth 2 in exactly one week."
Nobody wants to mention what would happen if his calculations are incorrect. If Orion's
memory of his home planet is just the slightest bit off then our vessel could miss it completely,
hurtling into space forever and ever, then running out of fuel and continuing to drift until we die of
starvation and cold.
Suddenly, my thoughts are interrupted by a loud metallic bang from somewhere deep within
the spacecraft. Orion and I both jump, then exchange worried glances, ready for the entire ship to be
torn apart by the harsh elements of space that surround us.
Instead, nothing happens. Quiet.
Without a word, my dinosaur companion and I stand up from our seats and carefully creep
back into the vessel, out of the cockpit and into the main living quarters.
This new room is metallic silver, designed to be comfortable but still not exactly cozy. The
inner walls and piping are still exposed, snaking up and down to the ceiling above where several
large vents run. Nothing seems to be damaged, though.
"Hello?" I call out.
There is a faint creaking sound, which gives me and Orion even more pause, then a sudden
bang as a large figure comes tumbling through one of the vents above, slamming hard onto the floor
before us.
I grab a nearby pipe and brandish it wildly, ready for anything as the mysterious figure rolls
back and forth, moaning and holding his back.
It takes a minute, but when I finally recognize the man I gasp out loud.
"Vam Dox?" I question.
"Yeah, it's me," he groans.
Orion and me exchange glances.
"But, you're supposed to be in prison," I continue.
"He escaped," Orion reminds me.
I suddenly realize that this truly evil man could only have one motivation for sneaking onto
our spacecraft: Sabotage.
"What the fuck are you doing here?" I question. "Tell us or we're throwing you out of the
hatch and letting you freeze in space."
Vam Dox sits up abruptly and waves his hands in front of him, backing away from us on the
silver floor. "No, no, wait! I can explain."
I let out a long sigh. "You're the worst person in the world. This excuse better be good."
"I just… I just…" Vam starts to stutter.
"Out with it," Orion demands.
"I just wanted people to pay attention to me," he finally blurts.
There are a number of things I expected to hear from this blubbering stow away, but this was
not one of them.
"Didn't you get enough attention when you were the head of Scoundrels Inc?" I ask him.
"Harassing innocent people like it was a business?"
"Literally," Orion adds. "That was literally his business."
"It was fine for a while," Vam admits, "but I've changed. To tell you the truth, when I was
younger I was… a loser. Nobody ever paid attention to me growing up. All the other kids were faster
or stronger or…" he trails off.
"Smarter," Orion chimes in.
Vam shakes his head, dismissing this, but I can tell that it hits home more than he wants to let
on.
"I just never felt special," Vam says, "but when you make yourself into a villain, at least
you're something. People were paying attention to me, people actually cared."
"Even though they all hate you?" I scoff.
"At least it's something," Vam admits. "It's better than being a nobody."
There is a moment of silence as we sit here in the cool belly of this giant mechanical ship,
trying to empathize with one another and clearly having a hard time. Honestly, I don't trust Vam Dox
for a second, but at this point our options are limited.
"So what's your big plan?" I question. "You want to fly to Earth 2 on our coat tails just to
prove that you're not as terrible as everyone thinks?"
Vam nods.
I turn to Orion, not exactly sure what to do at this point. "Is there enough food for him?" I
question, lowering my voice slightly as we step away from the stow away.
Orion shrugs. "I mean, it's only a week long trip. We can make it work. You don't actually
trust him do you?"
"Of course not. Vam Dox is as rotten as they come, but I don't know what else to do," I
explain. "He's honestly just kind of… sad."
"Don't feel bad for that monster," Orion reminds me. "He's racist, homophobic, annoying as
hell and is whole reason that Earth 1 needs to be saved in the first place."
"You think he's up to something?" I question.
"I don't know," Orion says, glancing back at Vam, "but I'm not taking any chances."
My handsome dinosaur lover walks over to a nearby cabinet and opens it up, pulling out a
large metallic maintenance tie and walking over to Vam.
"What the hell is that?" questions the stow away.
"Put out your hands," Orion demands, ignoring the question.
Vam tries to pull away but the space raptor is too quick, grabbing Vam's hands and quickly
placing the metal tie around them. Orion then tugs Vam over to a nearby pole that stretches from floor
to ceiling and cranks the tie shut, securing our prisoner.
"Hey! What the hell is this?" Vam Dox starts yelling.
"We don't trust you," I explain.
The captive looks as though he's about to retort but stops himself, hesitating and then settling
back against the pole behind him. "Fair enough," Vam says.
Orion let's out a long sigh. "I already can't wait for this week to be over."
Watching the tiny blue globe of Earth 2 come into view is the most beautiful thing I have ever
seen, and it couldn't come a day sooner. The week has been brutal, not because of the tight quarters
with our new, third passenger, but because, despite all of my initial expectations, Vam has been
shockingly pleasant to be around.
Orion, on the other hand, doesn't share my fascination. He continues to be cold as ever to our
castaway, which I completely understand.
When we finally land on Earth 2 and our ships doors open, Vam remains tightly restrained
against the pole. I may have more faith in the sad, strange little man than Orion does, but bringing him
anywhere near the dinosaur leadership that inhabit Earth 2 is just not worth the risk.
Orion and I are greeted by a pair of handsome stegosaurus, who bow in unison before
shaking our hands warmly. "Welcome to Earth 2," says the leader of the two. "We always knew that
this day would come, but now that it's finally here I can't believe this is really happening. Our people
have been celebrating. The prophecy is coming to pass."
"What prophecy?" I question. "Orion never mentioned a prophecy."
"It's nothing," interjects my Raptor lover, "an old tall tale of my people, nothing more."
The stegosaurus ignores him. "The prophecy states that, after a time of great turmoil,
someone will arrive to bring joy and love to our people. We are very serious here on Earth 2, and the
prophecy states that this new arrival will show us that even strange things can have great meaning."
"Interesting," I offer. "What was the time of great turmoil?"
The stegosaurus shrugs. "Not sure, everything's been great here."
I look past him now, my vision extending out off of the landing platform and across the great
city before us. The landscape is absolutely breathtaking, perfectly manicured vegetation living in
harmony with the brilliant dinosaur architecture. The city has both form and function, an
environmental utopia that meshes perfectly well with the creatures who inhabit it.
"I understand you've requested an audience with our president?" the stegosaurus asks. "To
discuss refuge for the people of Earth 1?"
I nod.
"Right this way," replies the dinosaur.
Soon enough me and Orion are making our way through the streets of this glorious city,
which I have now learned is named Hugona. It is a well-maintained land, polished and perfected to
the point that I actually feel a little strange being here, like I'm a blemish on the otherwise perfect
metropolis. The citizens make every effort to be inviting, welcoming me warmly into their paradise.
"This is incredible," I tell the stegosaurus after we've traveled a ways.
"Thank you," the prehistoric beast says. "It's taken a lot of work to get us here, but now we
couldn't be happier. There is history in these buildings, and there is heart."
Eventually we find ourselves at the base of a large staircase, a massive white building
towering above us like some massive, graceful bird.
"This is where we leave you," says the stegosaurus. "It's been a pleasure."
Soon enough, Orion and I are alone once more.
"I can't believe this is where you grew up," I tell my raptor lover. "It's so beautiful!"
The dinosaur nods. "That's because everything runs on love."
I laugh. "That's very poetic."
"It's the truth!" exclaims Orion. "Didn't you notice that nobody here has a care in the world?
We just landed with a ship from another planet, and without a second thought these people have now
brought us to meet the president. They left us here unsupervised! Can you imagine that on Earth 1?"
"Maybe they're too trusting," I reply. "I mean, what if someone tried to game the system? It
would only take a small group to declare war on these peaceful dinosaurs and there's not much they
could do to stop it."
"Love conquers all," quips Orion. "They'd figure something out."
We start walking up the long stairs of the white, birdlike building, chatting about the ins and
outs of Earth 2 culture. It turns out my Raptor lover wasn't exaggerating; everything on Earth 2 is
literally running on the power of love, which is how they keep it so environmentally friendly.
When we reach the top of the steps the president is there to greet us on the landing, a
handsome pterodactyl in a light grey suit.
"I'm President Lerb," the dinosaur introduces himself, "it's nice to meet you."
"I'm Lance," I tell him, shaking his wing, "and this is one of your citizens, Orion."
President Lerb smiles and nods. "This is just fantastic, I can't believe we finally have a
visitor from Earth 1. The prophecy said that this day would come but I never thought it was possible."
Suddenly, the sound of a crackling radio cuts through our conversation. The president jumps
and then grabs a walkie-talkie off of the side of his belt, holding it up to his ear.
"Sir!" shouts a voice on the other end. "There's been an attack down here at the docks! They
all came out of the ship at once, it was an ambush!"
My eyes go wide, immediately knowing who is behind all of the chaos. We should have
never let Vam Dox out of our sight for a second.
"What is the meaning of this?" President Lerb demands to know, stepping back with alarm.
"Guards!" he shouts. "These men are part of the ambush!"
"No!" I try to explain. "We had no idea!"
From all around us I see armed dinosaurs springing into action, sprinting forward with their
guns drawn.
"We had no idea! Vam Dox is not with us!" I struggle to explain.
Meanwhile, the sound on the other end of the walkie-talkie has become even more frantic.
"There's dogs everywhere!" cries the man. "They were hidden on the ship, under the floor, sir! Not
sure how many there are, but they appear to be infected with some kind of virus! They're rabid, Mr.
President!"
The dinosaur guards finally reach us and point their weapons from every angle, their guns
charging up with some strange purple energy unlike anything I've ever seen.
"We're not part of this!" I shout. "It's the CEO of Scoundrels Inc!"
"You have already betrayed our trust!" replies the pterodactyl angrily. "Why should we
believe you now?"
Suddenly, I notice something strange about the dinosaur weapons. The purple glow has
started to crackle and fade.
The prehistoric creatures notice this as well, exchanging glances with one another as they try
in vain to understand what could possibly be going wrong at this incredibly inopportune moment.
The radio crackles to life once again, the voice on the other end calling out even more
frantically than ever. "Mr. President! Our weapons are failing, something's wrong. The dogs are
everywhere and we've got no way to defend ourselves! Oh no! Oh god no!" Suddenly, there is a loud
crunching sound followed by complete silence.
"I know exactly what's going on," Orion chimes in.
Clearly, the authorities of Earth 2 are weary to trust us, but now that everything is falling
apart and their weapons have powered down, they have very few other options.
"The city runs on the power of love, correct?" continues Orion. "I'm assuming those
weapons do as well?"
The guards nod.
"Well then, you need to fight back with love!" exclaims my handsome dinosaur lover. "You
can't fight anger and fear with more anger and fear, you need to fight it with the power of love that
you've already harnessed so well. That we have already harnessed so well."
Suddenly, overwhelmed with passion, I grab Orion and kiss him passionately on his Jurassic
lips. My handsome dinosaur kisses me back, and in our embrace I can already hear the futuristic
weapons around us crackling back to life. If this doesn't prove we're not a part of Scoundrels Inc, I
don't know what will.
"Yes!" exclaims President Lerb. "It's working!"
The kissing between Orion and me becomes more feverish and passionate with every
mounting second, but before it can boil over completely I find myself pulling back with discomfort.
"I'm sorry," I finally admit. "I just… I feel weird powering your guns with our love. It's
seems wrong."
The guards laugh. "Guns? These aren't guns, these are teleporters."
I'm shocked by this revelation. "What? Where do they teleport to?"
The guards hesitate for a moment. "The Void," they finally say.
Fair enough, I think to myself.
The next thing I know, Orion and me are tearing each other's clothes off, kissing passionately
as we roam with our hands. Lower and lower my fingers drift until they find their way around my
raptor lover's enormous dick, which has grown into a beautiful throbbing shaft of reptilian sex below
his full body space suit. I quickly unzip Orion from top to bottom.
Orion lets out a long, satisfied moan as I take his cock within my grip, throwing his head
back while I begin to pump my hand up and down his shaft.
"You like that?" I coo. "You like getting stroked off in front of the dinosaur president of this
parallel Earth so that we can power their city in an attempt to thwart a horde of rapid dogs through the
energy of love?"
"Yes," Orion admits. "I fucking love it."
"Then you'll love this," I tell him with a smile. I open wide and take the reptilian beast's
shaft between my lips, pumping my head slowly up and down the scaly length of his rod. I begin to
move faster and faster until, finally, the speed is just too much to handle and I thrust down as far as I
can go, swallowing him completely.
My deep throat is a success, taking my lover to the hilt of his shaft so that my face is pressed
up against his chiseled dinosaur abs. I let him hold me here for as long as I can bear and then finally
pull back with a gasp, a long thread of saliva hanging between my pink lips and the head of his
beautiful rod.
"There's not much time to spare," I tell Orion. "Maybe we should cut right to the
chase."
Immediately, I fall back and quickly strip out of my space suit, throwing it to the side before
turning around to position myself on my hands and knees. I wiggle my ass playfully at my dinosaur
lover, as well as the guards who surround us.
"Pound this tight gay ass!" I demand.
Orion approaches confidently with his prehistoric alpha male swagger, then climbs down
onto his knees directly behind me. I can feel is claws on my ass, playfully exploring my toned rump
before aligning his shaft with the taut rim of my butthole. Orion teases the edge, pushing his cock right
up against the limits of my ass but pulling away before his enormous member can slide in completely.
He's teasing me.
"Just do it!" I demand, my frustration finally boiling over. "Fuck me in front of all these
handsome space dinosaurs."
Suddenly, Orion slams forward, causing me to let out a startled yelp. I reel as my body
struggles to adjust to his enormous size, my asshole stretched to the limits as his mammoth rod begins
to slowly pump in and out of me. I brace myself against the stone tiles below, trembling with an ache
that lies somewhere between pleasure and pain.
"Fuck me!" I demand, overwhelmed with lust for my gay dinosaur lover. "Fuck me harder!"
Orion begins to slowly speed up, every progressive slam against my backside quickening
until he is hammering away at me full tilt. By now my butthole has loosened up slightly, allowing the
discomfort to slip away and revealing the warmth underneath.
The sensation is incredible. As I look back over my shoulder at my handsome Raptor lover, I
know for certain that this is exactly where I belong. Whether it's stationed on planet Zorbus,
defending our rights in the courtroom, or halfway across the galaxy on Earth 2, next to Orion is where
I am meant to be.
Love is the most powerful thing in the universe. This is something that I have known for a
long time and have preached from the rooftops until my throat was hoarse, but seeing and
experiencing this power for myself is a realization that is almost indescribable. Love is not just strong
in some strange, intangible way; it's a literal force to be reckoned with.
Seized with lust, Orion pulls out of me suddenly and then slaps me hard on the ass with his
tiny claw. The raptor turns me around and lays me out on my back, my legs spread wide in the air as
he aligns his massive dick once again with the rim of my now reamed out asshole. Without hesitation
the prehistoric beast pushes forward, stretching my internal limits once again as he gets to work
pounding away at me.
"Oh my god," I start to moan, repeating the words over and over again. "Oh my god, oh my
god."
I reach down between my legs and grab ahold of my cock, stroking myself off to the rhythm
of Orion's powerful thrusts up my rear. Every successive ram fills my body with a wave of blissful
pleasure, cresting larger and larger across my being until suddenly it's threatening to overflow.
"I'm gonna cum!" I cry out, just as the first powerful spasm hits my body. Suddenly I'm
utterly consumed with sensation, my physical being trying desperately to comprehend all of the erotic
joy that flows through it. Rope after rope of hot milky jizz erupts from the head of my cock, splattering
across my chest in a beautiful pattern of pearl.
Orion suddenly pulls out of me and stands up over my trembling body, blowing a load of his
own. The dinosaur lets out a terrifying roar as his cock unloads, covering my face, chest and abs as it
mixes like a luscious sex cocktail with the spunk that came before it.
The president and his guards burst into shouts of joy and celebration, but there's something
about this whole situation that seems off. Something that I can't quite put my finger on.
"Can I see that walkie-talkie," I suddenly ask.
The president nods and I take the small device, holding it up to my ear. "Hello, can I ask
about the status of Vam Dox?"
"Vam Dox is missing," exclaims the voice. "Have you banished his companions to The Void
yet?"
I hesitate for a moment. "How did you know the one responsible was named Vam Dox?" I
question.
"Oh… I… Uh…" the man on the other end starts to stammer, immediately dropping his
dinosaur accent and becoming recognizable as Vam himself.
I let out a long sigh and then turn to the president. "You should get down there and arrest him
before he takes off. There was no battle, there were no dogs… it was all a ruse."
"But why?" questions the president.
I shrug. "Some people really want to prove love isn't real. Unfortunately for Vam, he messed
with the wrong astronauts."
I knock twice on the glass of the jail cell, watching as Vam rolls over on his cot to gaze at
me. His eyes are red, like he's being crying all morning.
Seeing the strange little man like this is fitting. While he likes to posture himself as some
kind of epic super villain, when it comes right down to it Vam is really just a lonely, sad dude; bald,
skinny and pale.
"I guess you're the most hated man on Earth 1 and Earth 2 now," I offer.
Vam Dox sits up in his cell. "Are they talking about me?"
"What?" I question.
"Are they talking about how much they hate me?" Vam asks, a strange delight in his voice.
I let out a long sigh. "I mean, sure, for a while. I wrote a whole trilogy about it, actually. A
lot of it is a metaphor but it's pretty easy to tell what I'm talking about."
"And people read it?" asks Vam. "Do they hate me more than ever now?"
I roll my eyes in frustration. "Oh my god, is that really all that you care about?"
"So they do hate me!" Vam laughs.
I breathe deep, trying to come to terms with this rather frustrating situation. On one hand, it's
important to express myself artistically, and part of that means writing about what I know and feel. At
the same time, this seems to be doing nothing but feeding into the pit of despair that's trying to pass
himself off as a man.
"Are you going to write another?" questions Vam, his eyes wide with anticipation.
"I don't think so," I tell him. "Not about this."
Vam's eyes lower and he starts to tremble, the fact that he might not continue to be relevant
suddenly hitting him hard. "But, people still read the old one's right?" he questions.
I shrug. "More or less. Honestly though, my books don't really matter that much in the great
scheme of things, there are bigger issues happening in the world than you harassing the citizens of
Hugona. You're not a super villain; you're just… a sad, self-hating man who likes to bother people. I
understand that you like to act as though being a bad guy is some kind of thoughtful counter argument
to happiness and inclusion, but it's not. Unless you're a five-year-old playground bully it's not that
edgy, it's not that cool, it's just…"
Vam watches intently, hanging on every word.
"It's nothing," I finally say. "You're just kind of nothing."
"Why are you telling me this?" Vam questions.
"Because it's the last time that I'm going to think about you," I explain. "I wrote about it, it's
done now."
"Well I'm just going to keep saying terrible things then!" announces Vam. "They have wi-fi
here in jail you know! I can tweet!"
"Knock yourself out," I tell him. "I don't think I'll be reading them. In fact, you won't even
cross my mind at all anymore."
"But I… I'm the dark lord!" Vam cries, standing up and rushing towards the glass.
I stand as well, turning away and heading for the door. "Sure thing," I tell him.
"Pay attention to me!" Vam Dox continues to scream, pounding on the glass. "I'm so evil!
Look how evil I am!"
I don't turn around, just continue to walk onward until his cries have faded away completely.