I open my eyes slowly, trying my best to regain my bearings. I'm in my bedroom, dull sunlight
streaming through the cracks of the nearby blinds and flickering across my face. Everything around me
is easily recognizable, yet for some reason it all seems very different this morning.
I take account of my surroundings and myself. My name is Alex Liverbort and I'm twenty-
five years old, I'm in my rented flat in the heart of London and I have a splitting headache.
All of this is true, yet I still feel somehow disassociated from my own body.
Plus, I'm hungover.
I stand up and realize now that my clothes are still on, meaning that I must have simply fallen
flat on the bed and passed out at some point during the previous evening. When I catch a glimpse of
myself in the mirror I see that my hair is disheveled and messy, my eyes red as they struggle to focus.
I pull open the door of my bedroom and head out into the living quarters to see what's what,
immediately finding my roommate, Krissy Buttmore, sitting on the couch with her attention glued to
the television.
"What happened last night?" I ask her, rubbing my eyes. "My head is killing me."
Krissy glances over, looking much less disheveled then me but just as distressed. "It's all
going to hell," my roommate informs me bluntly.
"What is?" I question.
Krissy's expression quickly changes to one of confusion.
"I think I blacked out," I admit. "I have no idea what's going on."
My roommate's eyes go wide. "You don't remember the vote? Britain has decided to leave
the European Union. Brexit, remember?"
Suddenly, it all comes flooding back. I remember watching at the local pub as the poll
numbers came in, slowly but surly drowning out all hope that I had in a future as part of the EU.
My spirits crushed, I took to drinking. Everything else is a blur, but at some point I vaguely
recall running down the block to the River Thames and throwing a bottle of wine into the water.
"So we're leaving the union?" I ask.
"Yep," Krissy confirms.
I let out a long sigh, then look past my friend, out through the open window of our second
story apartment and onto the streets of London below. The usual folks are hustling and bustling about,
continuing on their merry way as if nothing out of the ordinary had even happened.
"Seems like everything's… fine," I tell Krissy. I'm not exactly sure what I expected after my
night of alcohol fueled depression and sociopolitical terror, but this isn't it.
"The pound is losing value fast," Krissy notifies me. "It's in free fall. The whole economy is
bound to collapse."
I hear the words that she's saying, and I completely understand that they should strike even
more fear into my heart, but for some reason they don't. Maybe all of the anger and frustration was
purged from my system the night before, because right now I don't really feel much of anything.
"I'm gonna go for a walk," I tell my roommate, trying to make it sound like I've got some
kind of emotional steam valve to let off, but really just not knowing what else to do with myself.
Without another word, I turn around and grab my coat, heading down the stairs and out onto
the busy streets. I immediately take a left and head towards the river, to the same vague spot that I had
somehow ended up the night before.
I can't help but notice how excruciatingly normal everything seems. Across the street two
handsome men are walking a dog together, while a Kabob shop to my left serves up some hungry
customers. I see busses, I see taxis, I see everything that I would expect to see despite these dire
warnings of economic collapse.
When I finally reach the edge of the River Thames I find a nice quiet bench and take a seat,
looking out across the deep blue water and to the seemingly endless grey sky above. While some
people might find the dreariness of today unsettling, I find it deeply comforting, yet another sign that
some things just never change.
Across the waves of the river I can see Parliament, and I can't help but wonder what kind of
heads are rolling over there right now. I'm sure there is some kind of political chaos underway, but
I'm certain it will work itself out.
Finally feeling connected to my own body once again, I lean back into the bench and let out a
long sigh, closing my eyes as sweet relief washes over my body.
Suddenly, there is a deafeningly loud crackle of lighting in front of me, causing me to nearly
fall out of my seat as I let out a cry of surprise. Floating some two or three feet above the sidewalk is
a black and blue seam of electricity, a hovering slit in the fabric of space and time that pours outward
with a sizzling heat.
"Alex!" calls a voice from beyond the strange universal rift. I can barely make out the figures
shape, but it appears to be a massive, sentient coin; one pound to be exact.
"Hello?" I question, shielding my eyes from the electrical storm that appears to be occurring
right before me. "Who are you?"
"There's no time!" yells the giant coin from the other side of the rift. "Come with me!"
I'm utterly horrified and, if I'm going to be honest, my first instinct is to immediately turn
around and run away. It's only then that I notice something brilliant and burning through the hole in
space-time. Within the rift I can see The Parliament, or what used to be The Parliament, as the entire
building roars with a towering flame.
"Is that what it looks like?" I call out.
"Yes!" screams the giant sentient coin. "We need your help, Alex. I can't hold this open much
longer!"
Suddenly, all of the fear leaves and is replaced with a powerful, frantic energy. Britain needs
me!
Without another thought, I jump up from the bench and run forward, diving through the trans
universal slice and ending up carried to a hellish landscape of fire and smoke on the other side.
"Where am I?" I ask this mysterious pound. "What's happening?"
"You're in the future," explains the giant sentient monetary instrument, "but it's not safe here.
Follow me!"
The pound takes off floating along the edge of the River, which I now see is blood red and
bubbling like the lava of a molten volcano. Many of the once familiar buildings are gone, while others
still burn in behemoth pylons of flame. Strange creatures circle the sky in red uniforms with large
black hats, dressed the Queen's Guard but with leathery reptilian wings and extended knifelike teeth.
"How long has it been?" I ask the living pound as we hustle along. "Seventy years? Eighty?"
"It's been a month," the sentient currency tells me.
"A month," I stammer, "but, how did this happen?"
Suddenly, bullets strike in rapid succession across the ground beside us, fired from above by
one of the monstrous winged guardsmen.
"This way!" The floating coin shouts, leading me past the wreckage of a toppled four-story
bus. The pound sees me looking at the strange vehicle and offers a quick explanation. "To make up for
lost revenue we invested in four story busses instead of the traditional double-decker. They were too
top heavy and started tipping over everywhere. It was utter panic in the streets."
"What about the guards?" I question.
"The government couldn't afford to pay the Queen's Guards anymore so we used these
unfinished snake and bat hybrids that MI5 has been developing," explains the coin. "It was not a good
idea."
"I can see that," I tell him. Of course, what I am most curious about is how the future
managed to create a massive, living, breathing pound, but I say nothing.
Finally, the two of us find an abandoned pub to duck into, hidden from the strange uniformed
monsters who circle menacingly in the dark sky above. The coin slams the door behind us and locks
it, then staggers over to the bar and grabs a bottle from behind the counter, pouring himself a drink.
"You want some?" the living economic unit asks.
I nod. "Sure thing."
The coin pours two glasses and hands one to me, then takes a seat at a nearby table. I follow
his lead, sitting in the chair across from him and taking a long sip from my glass. The pub is eerily
quiet, utterly devoid of any patrons.
"What's your name?" I finally question, breaking the silence.
"Perber," offers the coin. "I already know yours, though."
"How?" I continue.
Perber pulls out a wine bottle from under the table and uncorks it, then lets a rolled up letter
fall out between us. He unfurls it and hands it over to me. "Look familiar?" the sentient pound asks.
It doesn't, but I don't say anything, just take the page and read aloud. "Dear future Brits," I
begin. "I'm so sorry, we really messed up. If anyone in the future finds this, please know that if I
could go back and change the way things worked out, I would. Whoa, I'm so drunk right now. Oh
well." I stop abruptly, finding my own name scribbled at the bottom.
"Do you remember writing that and tossing it in the river?" asks Perber.
I hesitate, and then finally decide to answer honestly. "I was pretty drunk."
The coin looks a little concerned but pushes that expression away as quickly as it arrives. He
tries to change the subject. "So I'm sure you're wondering how we all became giant, floating coins,
huh?" the pound asks me.
"Actually, yeah," I confess. "Did you just say all?"
The pound nods.
"As in, everyone became coins, not just you?" I continue.
"The pound lost so much value that we had to make up for it by becoming pounds ourselves,"
Perber explains.
"That doesn't really make any sense," I tell him.
"None of this makes any sense," the coin counters, "but it's all we've got left. You're all
we've goy left."
I take a long sip from my drink, finishing the whole thing in one gulp and then slamming the
glass down on the table. "What do you need me to do?" I question.
"You need to go back to the past and warn them," explains Perber. "We'll send you back
months before the vote and you can get the word out; about the four story busses, the winged monsters,
the living coins. They'll have no choice but to vote to stay in the European Union."
"I don't know if they're going to believe me," I inform the coin. "Besides, if I go back and
prevent the vote from happening, then I won't know to come back and prevent it in the first place. It's
a loop, it doesn't make any sense."
Perber shakes from side to side. "No, no," the living coin counters, "It just creates a new
timeline. This one will still exist, but at least you'll be saving the others."
"Still," I argue, "nobody will believe me… unless you come back with me."
I see a twinkle in Perber's eye as he hears this. "You think?"
"Absolutely," I tell him, standing up from my chair with a renewed faith in our plan.
"Alright, let's get started, how do we do this?"
"Love," explains the coin. "All you need is love."
I stand there in silence, just staring at Perber as I wait for him to explain himself.
"We need to make love to each other," the coin continues.
"What?" I blurt, in utter shock.
The coin nods.
"Then how'd you come back and get me?" I question.
"That was love, as well," offers the living pound, "the love of my country. Love is the most
powerful force in any universe, capable of transcending space and time. Unfortunately, I've already
used that particular patriotic form of love. Now we need to harness a different kind."
None of this makes even the slightest bit of sense, but there is something about the way that
this massive sentient pound carries himself that actually makes me kind of excited about the prospect
of learning to love him. There is no denying just how handsome he is with that perfectly circular,
ridged edge, and his flat golden surface that glints under the dim pub light. I've never experience
sexual feelings for another male before, but right now there is no denying the way that my heart beat
quickens, the way that I yearn for his powerful, monetary unit touch.
"I think you might be on to something," I finally offer, walking around the table and pressing
myself up against the massive coin. I run my hands up and down across his cool surface, taking note
of every subtle edge and texture.
My cock is quickly stiffening within my pants, growing harder and harder with every passing
moment as I wallow in the presence of this beautiful currency.
Suddenly, I just can't help myself any longer. I drop to my knees and take the coin's cock in
my hand, a thick golden rod that has somehow emerged from Perber's front.
"Whoa, look at that," I gush, taking in the massive size of his monetary rod.
I pump my hand up and down his length for a while, faster and faster as I go until finally I
open wide and swallow the entire thing into my mouth. I wrap my lips around his cock and then push
down as far as I can go, retching slightly as I hit the edge of my gag reflex and then pulling back with
a stutter.
I try my best to collect myself, wiping the spit from my mouth as I give the coin a playful
wink. "Sorry about that, this is my first time," I tell him. "I guess this socioeconomic disaster has had
at least one upside… It's turned me gay."
My second attempt at a deep throat goes much better than the first. This time, I'm somehow
able to relax enough to allow the sentient pound's massive rod all that way down to the hilt, stopping
only when my face presses up hard against his incredible set of chiseled metallic abs.
Perber lets out a long, satisfied moan, tilted back as the sound vibrates through his entire
body.
I love giving him pleasure, welcoming him into my body like he's welcomed me into this
horrific timeline. I am here to guide him as he guides me, showing him the deepest darkest parts of my
soul and baring it all.
When I've finally run out of air I pull back with an enormous gasp, aching to take things to
the next level.
"I want you to fuck me," I tell the living coin. "I want you to fuck me up my tight gay ass, just
like we've all fucked ourselves with this vote!"
Perber smiles. "With pleasure."
The coin helps lift me to my feet and then immediately spins me around with his powerful
currency arms. He pushes me up to the bar and bends me over it roughly, tearing down my pants and
underwear before aligning his massive dick with the tightly puckered rim of my exposed backdoor.
"Oh my god," I groan. "Pound me, pound! Just do it!"
The massive sentient coin teases me for a bit longer, playfully exploring the tension of my
anal rim before finally pushing down inside of me in one long, powerful swoop.
I let out a deep, drawn out groan, my body struggling to adjust to the incredible size of his
thick member. My asshole is completely stretched to the brink, feeling as though it's about to break in
half as the incredible pound behind me starts to slowly move his hips.
He's allowing me to learn his cock, giving our bodies time to connect as he slowly but surely
pumps faster into me. Eventually, all of the discomfort that I once felt while taking his massive rod
has slipped away, evolving into something else entirely. Soon every thump of the coin against my
backside sends a shiver of pleasure up my spine, the tightness of my butthole feeling full but not quite
overwhelmed.
"Harder," I tell Perber, the words a little bit under my breath and then once more with
feeling. "Harder!"
The living coin picks up his pace, moving even faster now as he slams against my backside
in a ferocious haze of blinding lust.
"You like that?" Perber demands to know.
"Oh my god!" I scream, " I love being pounded by my pound!"
My hands gripping tightly onto the bar in front of me, I begin to push back against him,
thrusting backwards just as hard as he's pummeling up into my ass. My eyes roll back in my head and
I reach down between my legs, grabbing ahold of my hanging cock and beginning to beat myself off in
time with his movements.
Soon enough, I can feel myself approaching the edge of orgasm, but before I have a chance to
make it there the handsome coin pulls out of me and gives me a hard slap on the ass.
"Over here," the sentient currency commands. The coin lies down flat against the bar floor,
the only relief on his otherwise even surface a massive tower dick that he coaxes me over to.
I do as I'm told, approaching the handsome pound as I remove the rest of my clothing, tossing
it to the side as I come to a stop over the enormous circular object. Carefully, I lower myself down
into a squat, aligning my butthole with the pound's enormous cock and then, eventually, impaling
myself along his length. Even though I'm the one doing the moving here, I still let out a surprised yelp
as Perber's shaft enters me, not entirely accustomed to his thick British banger.
Now I'm riding him, swooping my body across the pound's flat surface in a series of firm
movements of the hip. My cock bounces in front of me with every slam, hard but wild as it twirls in
the air like a helicopter.
"Our love transcends space and time!" I cry out. "Love is all you need! Love is all you
need!"
Faster and faster I go, riding the living monetary instrument with everything I've got. It's not
long before I feel a strange and unfamiliar sensation begin to boil up from somewhere deep inside of
me, simmering just below the surface as it begins to make it's way through my veins. I feel as though
I'm about to cum harder than I ever have in my life, but not in the same old way that I've grown
accustomed to. This is something different, something much more anal.
"Oh god, my fucking prostate," I moan, finally realizing what this bizarre sensation is. "I'm
gonna cum! Keep hitting that prostate deep in this tight gay asshole!"
Harder and harder I bounce on the coin, losing myself in the overwhelming sensation until,
suddenly, it's just too much to hold back any longer. I find myself blasting across the pound's shiny
surface. Load after load ejects from the head of my shaft, spilling out onto Perper in a beautiful
display of pearly white spunk that splatters this way and that. My teeth clenched tight, I hiss though the
opening as my body struggles to understand all of this sensation.
Finally, the feelings pass and I collapse back onto the floor behind me, sweaty and
exhausted.
The coin immediately stands up and looms over my muscular body, spreading my legs open
and positioning himself before me.
"I love you," Perper admits, tears of joy in his eyes, "and I want to cum inside of you."
"Please," I tell him, a wry smile on my face as I reach down and spread my reamed asshole
open.
Perber wastes no time slipping inside and getting to work, picking up right where he left of
with a powerful pound pounding. He hammers away at me with staggering enthusiasm and then
suddenly pushes down as deep as he can go, holding in place while letting out a rumbling groan of
pleasure. I can feel his warm coin spunk spill out into my ass, filling me up to the brim and then
spilling out from the edges of my tightly plugged butthole.
When the sentient pound finally finishes he removes himself from me, letting a torrent of jizz
come tumbling after. It runs down the crack of my ass and onto the pub floor, pooling out around us in
a beautiful mess.
The pool doesn't stop growing, however, seeping out across the floor below in an ever
expanding puddle of jizz that soon begins to crackle and snap with sizzling electrical energy.
"It's happening!" Perber shouts excitedly. "Our love is real!"
"Of course it is," I tell him with a wide smile, throwing my arms around the coin and pulling
him close. "No matter what happens, I'll always love you."
Suddenly, the air of the room changes completely, the creeping silence and dread replaced by
the warm din of a humming tavern. I look up to see that we are surrounded by men and women in the
heat of conversation, but the second that they see me and my coin lover, everyone stop to stare.
The music that had once been filling the air comes screeching to an abrupt halt.
"What in the fuck," someone finally says, breaking the silence.
"Listen to me," I tell the crowd, springing into action. "My friend and I have come from the
future to warn you about the upcoming vote to leave the European Union."
"The what?" comes the same drunken voice.
"The European Union," I repeat. "Brexit!"
"Who the fuck cares," says the man. "We need to stop them mainlanders from coming into
our country, anyway."
I shake my head, trying to reason with them. "You don't understand, it's all going to fall
apart. It's complete chaos. We need to stay. Don't let your hatred blind you."
"Fuck off!" another voice shouts.
"Yeah, get outta here with that nonsense!" someone else chimes in. "I don't want any damn
foreigners coming in here and mucking stuff up for us real Brits."
More and more angry patrons add their voice to the ruckus, silencing my plea for peace and
acceptance.
Suddenly, a loud whistle cuts through the chaos. Once more, the bar falls into a silence as
Perber steps forward to address the drunken mob.
"All you need is love," the coin suddenly sings out.
Silence.
"All you need is love," the handsome coin repeats.
More silence.
Perper hesitates, then changes his approach ever so slightly. "All you need is butts," he sings
once more.
Suddenly, I see tonight's pub crawlers take notice, the men and women perking up slightly as
these words resonate just the tiniest bit more.
"All you need is butts!" one of the drunks yells back in refrain.
Suddenly, the whole pub is singing along as loud as they can, belting out the words like their
life depended on it. After another rousing chorus, Perber climbs up onto one of the tables and
addresses the gathering.
"We're a fantastic country, with a rich heritage," announces the living pound, "but being a
part of the European Union doesn't take away from what makes us Brits. In fact, the EU just means
that there are even more butts to go around!"
"Yeah!" replies the crowd enthusiastically.
"German butts, French butts, Spanish butts!" Perber cries out. "There's no end to the variety
when you open your heart's butt to your neighbors! So when it comes time to vote, let's keep our
asses wide open!"
The entire pub explodes in a cheer of excitement as a warm smile slowly begins to creep out
across my face.
Perper climbs down off of the table and then walks back over to me, the crowd now caught
up in excited conversations of their own. The coin takes me in his arms and kisses me deeply.
When we pull away, I can't help asking him what all of this means for the future.
"I have no idea," the handsome pound admits, "but it's a good start."
"All you need is… butts?" I question.
"Love is the real answer," Perber explains, "you know it, I know it. Sometimes it takes butts
to get peoples attention, though. I have faith that they'll look even deeper and understand the real
meaning."
"You sure about that?" I question.
"There's only one way to find out," the sentient coin says with a laugh.