Politics have always been something that I avoided, mostly because every time I try to get involved I
just end up getting too pissed off to continue. Not just pissed off by the opposing side, but by the side
that I support, as well. Honestly, it's a little exhausting, and even though I've only been able to vote in
a single election cycle thus far in my young life as a twenty-something, I'm not sure that it's something
I ever want to do again.
I suppose this is what everyone's feeling these days, though. The disenchantment with
American government runs deep on both sides of the aisle. To be a front-runner in this race, the one
thing that you need to be is an outsider.
This is why I never expected to have my entire life turned upside down by a political
candidate the way that it was on that fateful afternoon, to have my life forever changed by a single,
beautiful man.
I'm watching TV in the living room of my small, two-bedroom apartment on a Saturday
afternoon. It's been a long workweek and, while I would normally be spending what little free time I
have running around and taking care of errands, I'm just too exhausted at this point. I need to chill.
Honestly, these days I feel like all that I do is work, forced to take on more and more hours
of overtime just to make ends meet. The minimum wage here is so low that, even in an office as nice
as mine, I can barely afford to keep a roof over my head.
The television suddenly cuts to the afternoon news, the staccato intro music catching my
attention as a large channel-five logo flies across the screen.
"Senator Bernie Sambers is now catching up in the Democratic Primaries," announces the
newscaster. "The presidential hopeful was once seen as a long shot but has been gaining serious
momentum over the last couple of weeks. As of this morning, he's here in California holding rallies
and getting ready for this weekends vote."
I'd heard a little bit about Bernie Sambers, but not enough to quell the immediate gagging
sensation I feel at yet another slimy politician scrambling for my vote.
I hear the apartment door open behind me as my roommate, Bipper, arrives home.
"Can you believe this guy?" I call over to Bipper, gesturing towards the screen.
My roommate walks over and glances at the TV, a look of immediate recognition crossing his
face.
"You don't like Bernie?" he asks. "I'm surprised."
I scoff. "What do you mean? All politicians are the same, just a bunch of rich scumbags
taking away from the little guy."
Bipper chuckles. "Honestly, I don't think you're right about Bernie this time."
I roll my eyes.
"Seriously, Lorp" Bipper continues. "I'm headed down to the rally later, you should come
with me. Check it out for yourself."
At first I'm not sure if he's being serious, figuring this is some kind of dry sarcastic bit that I
just haven't picked up on yet, but as our gaze holds I slowly begin to realize that Bipper is for real.
"Alright," I finally say, cautiously.
Bipper smiles and pats me on the shoulder. "I think you're going to like this."
The second that we enter the arena downtown I can tell that this isn't your typical political gathering.
Every sign that I see has a message that resonates deeply within me, deeper than any candidate has
ever been able to reach. While most politicians craft messages that tug at my heartstrings, these seem
to go even father. He's tugging at my butt.
"Are you feeling the burn?" my roommate leans over and asks me. "Are you feeling the burn
in your butthole?"
I check in with myself, considering his words for a moment. I have to admit, all of this
political positivity is getting to me, the message of progress and social reform causing a pleasant
tingle to slowly form around the rim of my anus. It's a strange but welcome sensation, something of a
burn, but in a warm and inviting way.
"This is… amazing," I tell my friend, the blissful sensation suddenly flowing out from my
butthole and across my entire body until it reaches my heart. It is a numbing ache, a tension that seems
to playfully tease both my rectum and my soul.
We make our way through the crowd and into the packed arena, which usually hosts
basketball games but has been rented out for the evening. The lights are dim and music thumps through
the overhead speakers, creating an air of excitement. Before us, there is a massive stage draped with
American flags, where a spotlight centered downward upon a dark wooden podium.
"Just in time," Bipper says as the lights dim even more.
Suddenly, the crowd begins to roar, their cheers and thunderous applause eventually
morphing into one singular auditory sensation, as if we've all come together as a single entity.
"Ladies and gentlemen," an announcer begins, his voice reminding me of the man who calls
out boxing or wrestling matches, "Bernie Samberrrrrrrrrrssssss!"
Suddenly, showers of red white and blue sparks erupt from the stage, creating glorious
fountains of light that glimmer out across the darkness above. From somewhere behind the hanging
flags comes a stark white, galloping figure, his wintery mane flowing out behind him and the horn on
his head shimmering brilliantly; Bernie Sambers.
He's old and slightly hunched, with glasses and a bald spot on the top of his head, yet there
is something strangely alluring about this man's physical presence that I can't quite put my finger on.
Something just doesn't add up.
I lean over to Bipper. "Is Bernie a… human?" I ask him.
"A human?" my friend counters.
"Yeah, like, remember when it came out that Domald Tromp was a dinosaur?" I question.
"Sure," offers Bipper.
"Do you think something like that could be happening with Bernie?" I continue. "There's just
something strange about him, something magical."
"That's the magic of democracy!" Bipper cries out. "The magic of someone finally
representing the people!"
I nod and turn my attention back to the stage, still unable to shake the feeling that something
peculiar is going on with this supernaturally alluring politician. There's something about his horn, and
the way that he prances about on the stage before me, that just seems a bit odd.
One things for sure, though, he's a hell of a speaker. Over the next hour we're treated to the
most powerful political call to arms that I have ever witnessed. The entire crowd is utterly enchanted
by his uncanny charm, hanging on every word as the presidential hopeful lays out his glorious plan for
a better tomorrow. At one point a tiny bird actually flutters down and lands on the podium, listening
intently to Bernie's speech as a representative of the natural world. Soon enough, more and more
animals start to join the bird, every woodland creature imaginable approaching the stage and taking a
seat at the edge. Deer, rabbits and foxes all make an appearance, and finally even a large brown bear
arrives to take it all in.
Bernie is unfazed by this appearance of wild creatures, not turning them away but instead
welcoming them gladly into the mob of feverish supporters.
By the end of the speech, I find myself fully converted to the Sambers cause. This is not just
another run-of-the-mill politician, this is someone who has true heart and wants to make a real change
within the political system.
"Thank you!" the candidate yells out across the audience, throwing his hands up and turning
to walk away from the microphone.
I'd been so enraptured in his words that I'd completely lost focus on just how much time had
passed.
"Is that it?" I gasp, as if suddenly coming up for air from under a breaking wave.
Bipper shakes his head and then cracks a smile. "Oh no, not quite," my friend tells me.
"Bernie is a man of the people, he's going to be in the lobby handing out fresh backed cookies."
I laugh a little as Bipper says thi,s until I realize that he's not joking. Soon enough, we are
following the crowd out into the arena hallway where a long line of supporters have gathered to
accept piping hot chocolate chip cookies from the man himself.
"We've gotta get some," I gush, hopping in line immediately.
Somehow we've found ourselves right up front, and from this close I can once again see that
something is quite unusual about Bernie Sambers.
It's not long before we make it to the front of the line.
"Thank you, that was an amazing speech," I tell him. "You've got yourself a new supporter
after that."
Bernie cracks a playful smile as he locks eyes with me, and immediately I can sense a strong
tingling in my butthole, a powerful sizzling sensation that courses through my loins like an electric
current.
"I'm glad to hear it!" Bernie replies. He reaches out his hand to shake mine and, the second I
take it, I get another strange feeling. I look down, realizing that what I'm holding is actually a large
hoof, and then pull away.
"You seem like a nice young man," Bernie Sambers tells me. "Could you stick around for a
moment after all of this is finished?"
"Me?" I question, taken completely off guard.
"If you're friend doesn't mind," Bernie continues, nodding towards Bipper.
"Not at all," my roommate assures the politician. "Whatever I can do to help the campaign."
"Good," says Bernie, turning his attention back to me. "My people will take care of you until
then. I'll be back to speak with you shortly."
The next thing I know, two large men in black suits have approached on either side. I know
that they're simply there to escort me into a private area, but I can't help being intimidated by their
incredible size.
"Right this way," one of the body guards says.
I give Bipper a quick wave and then allow the guards to lead me away from the crowd off
down the hallway and behind a thick curtain. Suddenly, all of the chaos has morphed into a strange,
surreal silence; the only noise that remains is the clicking of our feet as we walk through the empty
foyer.
"In here," one of the guards offers, leading me to a door and then opening it up and waving
me inside.
During basketball games this part of the arena is probably used for storing equipment or
something equally banal, but tonight things are completely different. An assortment of ornate rugs and
tapestries have been brought in to furnish the place, their red, white and blue fabrics draped
everywhere while an assortment of satin loungers lie placed about.
I take a seat on one of them, trying to relax as I savor the flavor of my delicious chocolate
chip cookies. Despite the rather patriotic color scheme in here, there is also something vaguely
sensual about the décor. I hadn't noticed it until now, but I can faintly make out the sound of a smooth
jazz national anthem cover floating down from somewhere above me.
Feeling sufficiently relaxed, I lean back into the lounger and close my eyes, letting a heavy
wave of calm wash over me.
"You're exactly the kind of voter that we're looking for in this campaign," a voice suddenly cuts
through the darkness of my mind.
My eyes fly open and I sit up, realizing now that I had somehow managed to fall asleep. I'm
still backstage at the arena, sitting in the ornately decorated room. Now, however, a guest has joined
me.
"Bernie," I say aloud, recognizing the man immediately.
The presidential hopeful smiles, sending a sharp chill down my spine and up my butt.
"That's me," he replies, "and you are?"
"Lorp," I explain, "it's nice to meet you."
"It's nice to meet you, too," Bernie Sambers tells me. The man stands up from his seat across
the room and slowly walks over to me, his hips swaying from side to side with a little more kick than
seems natural. If I didn't know any better I would say that he's trying to seduce me, not that I would
mind.
Bernie sits down next to me on the lounger and then places a hand on my knee. Strangely, I
don't have even the slightest desire to pull away, I just flick my eyes over towards him in a playful
gesture of acceptance.
"Why did you want me to come back here?" I question. "Why me?"
The democratic candidate looks deep into my eyes, his gaze searing down into the most
private recesses of my soul. "Because I saw something in you," he tells me.
"What?" I ask, my voice trembling. "What did you see?"
"My running mate," Bernie tells me.
My heart skips a beat as he says this, my mind struggling to accept the unexpected but very
welcome turn of events. "Me?" I question. "I'm not qualified for that."
"You're more than qualified," Bernie assures me. "Those eyes, that muscular chest." The
candidate places his hand against my pectorals and lets it drift slowly downward. "You're exactly
what we're looking for. I knew from the second that I saw you, you'd be the perfect vice president."
"I don't know what to say," I tell him.
Bernie smiles. "Well, don't get too excited yet," he counters. "We still need to vet you."
Bernie's palm reaches my crotch as he says this and he immediately grips me with a firm
handful of balls and shaft through the fabric. I sit straight up, my eyes going wide and my body
trembling.
"Would you like me to vet you?" Bernie coos. "Would you like me to get deep down in there
and see what I can find?"
"Yes," I moan.
The politician begins to unbutton my fly, and yet again I notice something strange about his
hands, something not quite human.
"Wait," I say, stopping him in his tracks. "If you're going to vet me, I need to vet you. There's
something you're hiding."
Bernie lets out a long sigh. "You can tell, can't you? Is it that obvious?"
I shake my head. "No, it's not. I don't know what's going on with you, but something is up.
How is it that you're such a perfect candidate? You never flip-flop, you never mess up; it's like
you're made of magic or something."
"I am made of magic," Bernie tells me. "I'm a unicorn."
Suddenly, the horn, the hooves and the mane all make perfect sense. I have no idea how I
was unable to connect the dots before this, but now that I've seen the light there is no turning back.
Bernie is a unicorn; a glorious, muscular, white-haired unicorn, and he's sexy as fuck.
Suddenly, I'm completely overwhelmed with arousal. I grab the unicorn and pull him
towards me, kissing him deeply on the mouth as my hands roam across his beautifully toned body.
They drift lower and lower until eventually they grab ahold of Bernie's rock hard unicorn cock.
"Oh fuck," the mythical beast groans as I stroke his shaft, slowly at first and then eventually
speeding up with every pump. I slip down off of the lounger so that I'm kneeling before him, his
massive political cock jutting out towards my face like a flagpole on the Fourth of July.
Without thinking twice, I open up wide and take Bernie's dick between my lips, immediately
shocked by the incredible taste. I was fully expecting a subtle, salty flavor to his manhood, but instead
I'm greeted by a sensual explosion of taste that shifts between cotton candy, bubblegum and cherry.
This man can truly do no wrong.
Eventually, I push down as far as I can and hold, taking the unicorn politician's beastly
manhood within my wet mouth. His cock dives deeper and deeper, sinking past the limits of my gag
reflex until finally stopping when I reach the hilt. I find my face pushed up against Bernie's magical,
sparkling abs,
The unicorn throws his head back and let's out another long groan, this one even more
powerful that the first. I can tell that I am giving him real, genuine pleasure, servicing him expertly
despite the fact that I'm completely straight and this is the first gay experience of my life.
When I finally pull back I erupt off of him in a shower of spit. I gasp loudly and struggle to
collect myself, my senses a blur of new and exciting eroticism. I hadn't even noticed until now, but I
suddenly realize my butthole is tingling once more, not just the soft, sizzling surges, but a full-on rattle
that courses through my body and causes me to tremble wildly.
"I can feel the burn in my butthole," I tell him. "It's incredible."
"You ain't felt nothing yet," Bernie retorts.
At first I'm not quite sure what that means, but as soon as the massive unicorn starts to guide
me into position I get the idea. Bernie pushes me forward so that I'm now on the floor on my hands
and knees, my ass popped out behind me as I give it a playful wiggle. I reach back and pull down my
pants and underwear, exposing my tight butthole to the magical creature.
"Do it," I tell him, "ram me up the ass the filthy little voter twink that I am!"
Bernie smiles and then begins to position himself, but not in the way that I expected.
"What's going on?" I stammer, looking back over my shoulder.
"You trust me with your vote," the unicorn laughs, "don't you trust me with your butt?"
I swallow hard and then nod, happy to push my sexual boundaries yet anxious about this
wholly new experience. Up until this point I had never even considered a gay encounter, straight as
they come and completely satisfied as such. Now, however, I'm not so sure.
Bernie leans his head down behind me and aligns the tip of his shimmering ivory horn with
my butthole, teasing the rim as he explores the limits of my tightness.
"Oh my god," I moan, "that feels so fucking good. Just do it, shove that big, fat unicorn horn
up into my ass!"
With that, the presidential hopeful pushes forward, slowly but firmly as he expands the limits
of my sphincter around his beautiful horn. Deeper and deeper he slides until the protrusion is fully
inserted within my anus, literally humming with political energy as though an electrical current is
pulsing through it.
I can feel the democratic socialist vibrations filling my ass with warmth and then spilling out
across my body, running down my arms and legs in a series of pleasant waves. Most importantly, I
can feel the way that they massage my prostate deep within, causing my muscles to clench and release
at the first hints of orgasm.
"Feel that burn!" Senator Sambers begins to command. "Feel that burn! Feel that fucking
burn!"
"I feel it!" I scream in return. "This ass is for the people not just the wealthy elite!"
"Yes!" Bernie cries out enthusiastically.
The unicorn is pumping his horn in and out of me now, faster and faster as the incredible
stimulation builds. My cock is rock hard, and I reach down between my legs to grip it tightly. I pump
my hand across my length in time with the horned hammers against my backside, reeling from the
incredible sensation. I can feel the orgasm within blossoming larger and larger, growing until I'm
almost entirely consumed by its aching tension.
Just as I'm about to finish, however, Bernie removes his magical horn from my anus.
"Oh fuck," I groan. "I was so close."
"Climb on," the unicorn tells me with a wink.
I stand up, fully removing my clothes and then approaching the magical creature. I start to
climb onto his back but Bernie stops me.
"No, down there," he instructs.
I'm confused at first, but then vaguely begin to understand as the unicorn lifts one leg to
allow me underneath.
"Oh, I see," I giggle, climbing below and wrapping my naked body around Bernie's
undercarriage. I can feel his massive cock tickling the rim of my already reamed out backdoor, and I
instinctively push myself down, impaling my body across his mammoth rod.
"Hang on," Bernie says mischievously, then begins to gallop towards the door. We hit it
hard, bursting through and out into the arena hallway yet again.
It's late in the evening now, but there are still a few supporters milling about. When they see
us they start to cheer, immediately recognizing this moment for what it is, the official announcement of
Bernie Sambers vice presidential running mate.
"I am pleased to say that Lorp Rims is my new running mate!" the unicorn bellows as we
gallop past the onlookers, the cock still slamming away at my asshole.
The people erupt in cheer as we fly by, rocketing down the hallway and out through the doors
of the arena.
The city streets are packed with people who all turn to look in awe at these two magical
political figures tearing down the sidewalk. I'm completely overwhelmed by the pounding of my
anus, but not enough to miss the long magical streak of red white and blue that extends out behind us.
"Your new vice president!" Bernie is shouting, his words echoing through the city streets.
Overhead, news helicopters have started to swarm, their cameras pointing down at us as they
project this historic gay event across the world.
Eventually, Bernie and me end up at the steps of city hall, we're we slow to a stop and the
incredible, muscular politician pulls his dick out of me. I let go of his beautiful white body and drop
down onto the steps, realizing now that we are utterly surrounded with enthusiastic supporters.
Then begin to chant, but instead of the typical cries for "Bernie" I hear my own name being
repeated over and over by the seemingly endless throngs. "Lorp! Lorp! Lorp!" they chant.
The unicorn stands over me now, beating off his massive cock as I stretch out before him. He
is seizing with pleasure, aching to blow his pent up political load all over me.
I reach down between my legs and begin to stroke along with him, furiously pulsing my
tightly gripped hand across my length.
"I'm gonna cum," I start to murmur, the volume of the crowd growing all around us. "I'm
gonna fucking cum!"
"Me too!" says Bernie.
Suddenly, the unicorn senator throws his head back and lets out a long, satisfied moan. His
cock twitches and then flings a series of hot, white ropes out across my chest and abs, raining down
onto me in a sticky, pearly torrent. At this very moment I cum as well, crying out as a massive load
ejects from the head of my dick and lands back onto my own body, mixing with the unicorn's spunk to
form a beautiful swirling cocktail.
The crowd goes wild, absolutely beside themselves with enthusiasm as I climb to my feet
and give a wave. As my eyes scan across the bevy of fans I spot my roommate, Bipper, his face
streaked with prideful tears.
Our eyes lock and I give him a nod, the two of us thankful for the incredible direction that
our lives have suddenly taken tonight, and the incredible direction that America will be taking in the
future.
Bernie holds my hand in his hoof and hoists it up into the air. "I want you all to meet my new
vice president!" the creature announces. "Now, he may not have the best political chops, but he's the
best lover I have ever had and, with your support, I think he's going to be the best lover for America!"
A smile creeps across my face, filled with absolute warmth and happiness. We've got a long
road ahead of us, but it's a road that I'm ready to travel with this handsome unicorn by my side.