One thing that I've always had going for me is my confidence as a journalist, not that it was always
deserved. Looking back, much of my gusto over the last year has been youthful ignorance, a feeling
that I can really make a difference out here reporting for the American public.
Over time, however, I've found myself beaten down by this whole process.
However, by no means am I one of the grizzled, bitter old journalists that surround me as we board
the massive 757. These men and women have lost everything, a blank soulless expression behind
their eyes as they dream of the life that they could have had. I'm not there yet, but it's coming.
It's only been a year but, of all the years to start, this is the one that is most likely to drive
you up a wall and break your spirit; election season.
By nature, all politicians lie; it's essentially in their job description. Some folks obviously
lie more than others, but regardless of who's running for office, you're going to have quite a bit of
fluff to sort through if you want to find anything tangible. Of course, when something does happen to
slip through the cracks it can explode in a wave of tabloid-level excitement. A simple gaff from some
presidential candidate can completely shift the political landscape overnight.
This is why my subject this week is such an anomaly; he seems to be immune to gaffs. Things
that other politicians would have, traditionally, gotten burned at the stake for, he can throw out with a
smile and receive tremendous support from across the Republican base. They are eating up every
word of it, and it would appear that this candidate has developed a real shot at a seat in The White
House.
The reason why this is all working out so well for him is actually not as illusive as it might
seem, although it goes in direct contradiction to something that I just said. For the first time, a
politician seems to be honestly speaking his mind on the issues, throwing the typical presidential
campaign playbook to the side and simply speaking from his heart.
Unfortunately, that heart seems to be a little misguided.
"Welcome aboard Tromp Air," says an attractive young woman as I reach the top of the
stairs that lead to the door of this beautiful plane, "we look forward to spending the week with you."
I give her a smile and a nod and then step inside, walking down a short hallway that opens
up into several rows of seats for fellow members of the press. I recognize a some familiar faces and
throw out a few waves, choosing to snag a spot next to my friend ' from Milk Magazine.
We shake hands.
"So what's old Milk Magazine want from Domald Tromp?" I ask him.
Barno shrugs, "Typical feature about the guy's favorite chocolate milk brand, ask him what
he thinks of strawberry milk; fat free, two percent. Just the usual. You still with Bowling Bones?"
I nod, unable to keep a smile from creeping across my face. I may be starting to get jaded but
I still can't believe that I actually write for the legendary Bowling Bones magazine, the leading
counter-culture voice for generations.
Barno notices my expression. "Don't lose that, kid," he tells me. "That enthusiasm is going to
keep you young."
Barno has been doing this for eight years now, so I respect his advice.
"I'm not that young," I offer. "Twenty-two."
Barno just shakes his head and laughs, "Good god, don't even talk to me about young and
old, kid. You have no idea what you're talking about."
Suddenly, the loudspeaker above us chimes in, interrupting our conversation. "Alright, if
everyone could have a seat we're about to take off," says the voice. "Go ahead and turn off your
phones and then you can reconnect to our inflight wifi once we reach cruising altitude."
Me, Barno and the rest of the press corps do as we're told, powering off our electronic
devices for a shockingly calming moment of real human interaction with one another.
Suddenly, everyone is chatting pleasantly, living their lives outside of their little black
screens for a brief moment of bliss. A strange wave of relief washed over me as I lean back into my
chair and let the inertia of the plane overwhelm my senses. The vehicle begins to tremble and roar,
eventually lifting off and cruising up towards the clouds above. Soon we will be in Iowa, the week's
first official campaign stop.
Eventually, the captain returns over the intercom to inform us that we've reached cruising
altitude and we are free to turn everything on once again. The cabin erupts in a series of bleeps and
bloops as phones, laptops and printers start to power on. The chaos of life on the campaign trail
returns.
Suddenly, there is movement at the head of the press cabin as billionaire Domald Tromp
emerges with a wide smile.
The man is slightly pudgy and his golden comb-over hair is awkward as hell, but he does
have some sort of strange charm to him that I can't quite put my finger on. There's also something
else, something lurking just beneath the surface of the presidential hopeful's confident presence that
seems weirdly off, almost inhuman, in a way.
"Hi everybody!" says Tromp with a wave. "Welcome aboard, I just wanted to come out here
and say that I'm so glad to have you here with me, so glad. I cannot even tell you how nice it is to be
up in the clouds with you guys and not those losers down below, am I right?"
The collection of journalists nods awkwardly.
"You know, I'm running for president but the president's plane is actually smaller than this,
by quite a lot. Did you know this?" Domald Tromp asks.
Again, his remarks are met with a strange smattering of cautious affirmation.
"We're raffling out positions over the week for one-on-one interviews," Tromp explains.
"Not all of you are going to get a chance to talk with me but, what can I say, I'm a busy man. Just like
with the immigration issues in this country, we don't have time to wait around and see what happens,
am I right?"
"Speaking of immigration, I was wondering if you had anything you'd like to say about the
dinosaurs who are upset about your racist comments regarding them crossing the border into
America," Barno suddenly interjects.
I glance over at my friend, admiring his old school journalistic instincts. The guy saw an
opportunity and he took it, a real pit bull.
"Well, first of all I was talking about illegal dinosaurs, not legal dinosaurs," Tromp explains.
"If you were paying attention you'd know that, but you know what? I think you're kind of a third-rate
journalist for asking that question. That's what I think."
The entire room is stunned into silence by this comment, reeling from the fact that this
politician has somehow already turned the tables on them. While the press corps once held the keys to
the castle, it appears that Domald Tromp is content on simply bashing the gate in with a battering ram.
"I was just asking if you'd like to clarify," explains Barno, clearly taken off guard by the
aggression that has suddenly been directed his way.
"You know, I've been running a billion dollar company from a long time now and we've
been very successful, very successful. A lot of people ask me the key to my success and you know
what I tell them? I tell that that I surround myself with great, great people. I avoid the clowns and, you
know what I think?" Tromp asks, nodding towards Barno.
"What?" Barno replies, his voice shaking a little.
"I have to be honest with you, I think you're kind of a clown," Domald Tromps says. "Barno,
you're fired."
The next thing I know, two of the stewardesses are rushing down the hallway and unbuckling
my friend from his seat. Barno seems utterly confused but he goes along with it, allowing the women
to roughly carry him down the aisle by either arm as the rest of us look on in horror. Moments later,
the door of the plane springs open and the entire cabin is flooded with a rush of cool air the sends
papers flying.
Immediately, Barno starts to struggle against the stewardesses, but it is already too late.
There is a wild yell as my friend is thrown from the airplane, whipping out into the vast blue sky and
then plummeting down through the clouds behind us as he tumbles end over end.
The door slams shut, leaving the room in total silence.
"That's what I think of lightweight journalist. I think that's fair," says Domald Tromp.
Seconds later, one of the candidate's aids comes over and whispers something into Tromps
ear. Domald nods in understanding and then raises his hand towards us.
"Alright, I have some preparing to do for my speech in Iowa tonight, it was great to meet you
all," Tromp says enthusiastically, then returns to the other end of the plane.
That night in Iowa, the crowd is absolutely buzzing with excitement. Around me is a fairly
broad collection of people, but not a single unicorn, bigfoot or dinosaur.
We are in an old airplane hanger, a stage erected at one end of the vast space while giant
American flag banners hang throughout. The stage lights are dim, ready and waiting for the master of
ceremonies to appear and give this crowd want they want, a way to vent their overwhelming anger
towards the current political climate. There is a lot of rage in this room tonight, but it shows itself in
many different ways.
I did a few interviews with Tromp supporters on the way in and learned a lot about the
thinking that goes into someone's desire to vote for this madman. As I said before, these people are
angry with the way the country is going, and rightfully so, but they are also afraid. With the economy
in the state that it's in there is nothing more terrifying for these folks than losing their jobs, and with
more and more dinosaurs crossing over the border every day, that type of blue collar security is
getting harder and harder to come by.
Suddenly, the crowd around me erupts in a raucous cheer as the man himself, Domald
Tromps, walks out onto the stage. Once more, I find there to be something incredibly strange about his
walk, a sort of hop that just doesn't quite match with the rest of his billionaire demeanor.
"Thank you, Iowa!" shouts Tromp into the microphone before him. "It's great to be here!"
That's all it takes for the presidential hopeful to receive a second burst of wild applause, the
crowd's roar growing to an absolutely deafening volume around me.
Eventually, Domald raises his hand and then lowers it slowly, signaling the group that he is
read to speak once more. I immediately pull out my notepad and start writing down ideas for the
article, completely inspired by the way that Tromp has is audience completely enraptured with him.
It's incredible, like some kind of strange religious experience.
I notice now that many of the people around me have started to cry, their eyes running over
with salty streams of tears and makeup that streak haphazardly down their cheeks. This is not just a
case of the sniffles; these people are full-on bawling their eyes out in the presence of Mr. Tromp.
"I look around and all I see are winners here tonight," Tromp says. "When I become
president, you would not believe how much winning there is going to be. We are going to win on the
economy, we are going to win on freedom, we are going to win on immigration."
From out of the loudspeaker's positioned around the room there is suddenly an eruption of
sound, a bald eagle screeching followed closely by a short but, admittedly, ripping guitar solo.
The audience loses it in the same way that I've now come to expect, and through the chaos I
begin to now hear the a handful of words.
"Get those one horns out of our country!" a man says with a thick southern accent.
"Round ‘em up and kill ‘em!" an older woman chimes in. "Shoot ‘em in the head and say
you're fired!"
Suddenly, all of the fascination that I'd had with this situation is overwhelmed by something
else, something powerful and heavy that floods my soul and sends a sharp chill down my spine; fear.
What was once something of a joke about the political climate and an absurdist commentary
on celebrity culture has suddenly evolved, becoming all too real.
"When I'm president, everyone will get a nice, juicy, delicious steak dinner!" Tromp
promises. "Every single one of you will get that, you think I'm lying? Listen, I can accord it, I've run
billion dollar companies and I know what I'm talking about. I can afford a steak dinner for every
American citizen because I think that's what America really wants. Am I right?"
I suddenly feel my phone start to vibrate within my pocket. I pull it out and glance down,
noticing the number for Barno's boss, the editor of Milk Magazine.
Quickly, I make my way back through the crowd and out of the hanger, which is surrounded
by a wide-open field of corn stalks that seems to stretch on endlessly around me.
I answer. "Hello, this is Pibbles for Bowling Bone Magazine."
"Pibbles," comes a deep, commanding voice. "It's Lon Bisk, I need to know if I can trust
you."
"You can trust me," I say, taking a few steps out into the cornfield, even farther from the
earshot of any unsavory characters.
"Are you aware that Barno Yawn-Starman was murdered earlier today?" Lon asks.
"I witnessed it," I tell him.
"Then you know that Domald Tromp is out of control," Lon says. "You know that he's
willing to do whatever it takes to become president and he's not going to stop until he gets there."
"People love him," I say. "They're angry and he's channeling it."
"What if I told you that I had some dirt on Domald Tromp that could change everything?" the
man asks.
I laugh. "Then I'd tell you that you're kidding yourself," I reply. "The guy just murdered
someone today and his poll numbers went through the roof. American's loved it."
"This is bigger than throwing Barno out of a plane," assures Lon, "this could blow the lid off
of everything."
I immediately recognize the deep seriousness of Lon's voice. This scoop is the real deal.
"I'm listening," I tell the man.
"Don't listen… look," explains Lon. "I'm going to be emailing you something in the next
hour."
"In an hour, I'll be back on Tromp's plane," I counter.
"You have wifi up there, right?" Lon asks. "On the plane?"
"Sure do," I tell him.
"Then get ready for quite the flight."
By the time we leave Iowa for New Hampshire it's well past midnight, and most of the
others around me are sleeping soundly in their seats. I'm somehow both exhausted and completely
wired after today, my body drained but the thought of resting absolutely ridiculous.
Instead, I sit wide-awake in the dark cabin, refreshing my email every few minutes while I
wait for the arrival of Lon's smoking gun.
I can't help but think, why me? Of all the people that the editor of Milk Magazine has in his
Rolodex, why would he pick me to unload this massive scoop?
Maybe he needed something broader to make sure it was taken seriously, I think. Sometimes
the milk readership has a hard time with that.
Suddenly, a loud, electronic ding interrupts my thoughts. I glance down and see an unopened
message sitting there in my mailbox, just waiting to reveal its secrets. Without hesitation, I open the
email and find it blank, a single attachment included.
I open the attachment.
Immediately, my computer screen is filled with a large, scanned document. It takes me a
moment to realize exactly what this is and when I do I gasp suddenly, nearly jumping right out of my
seat. Suddenly, it all makes sense.
I glance back and forth over my shoulder to see if anyone else is watching, and then lean in
towards my screen to get a better look. Sure enough, the image is exactly what I thought; a birth
certificate. Not just any birth certificate, but one that was presented in Scotland on the year of
Domald's birth. Tromp wasn't born in the United States.
Not only that, but the birth certificate clearly reveals that the candidates full name is Domald
Loch Ness Tromp.
Suddenly, it all makes sense; the strange way that Domald moves, the green color of his skin,
the long neck. Domald Tromp is the Loch Ness Monster.
Not only is this shocking in its own right, but for one other, powerfully hypocritical reason,
the Loch Ness Monster is a plesiosaur. In other words, Domald Tromps is secretly one of the
dinosaurs he so vehemently hates.
I've just finished piecing all of this together when suddenly one of the stewardesses appears
in the doorway before me.
"Mr. Pibbles Pooch," she says, addressing me quietly. "Your raffle number as been called to
interview Mr. Tromp."
I glance around in confusion. "Right now?" I ask.
The stewardess nods. "Yes, sir. Please come with me."
I close my laptop and reluctantly stand, my heart now beating hard in my chest as the woman
leads me away from my peers and down the lavish hallway of this luxurious 757.
This is the first time I have been down to the far end of the aircraft, and I have to admit that,
despite my overwhelming fear, I am truly amazed at just how lavish this vehicle really is. No expense
has been spared; every gold plated detail installed with the finest attention to detail.
Eventually, we reach Tromps large office and the stewardess opens the door for me, closing
it quickly after I step inside.
"Mr. Pibbles," Domald Tromp says with a smile. He motions for me to sit down across the
desk from him, with what I now realize is a dark green flipper.
How could I not have noticed this before? Tromp is so clearly the Loch Ness Monster that I
can't even imagine seeing him any other way.
I have a seat across the desk from Tromp, taking in the spectacular glory of his incredible
aerial office. To my right is a waterfall, complete with large koi fish and a blue heron that has
somehow been trained to live in harmony with them. To my right is a giant window looking out across
the clouds below us and the starlit sky above.
"I suppose you've got a lot of question for me," Domald Tromp says, "but before we begin,
I've got just one question for you."
I try my best to remain calm, although I am certain that my anxiety is showing through at this
point. My breathing has grown heavy and sweat begins to form in beads across my forehead.
"My question is; what are you planning on doing with that birth certificate?" Domald asks.
I freeze, my brain struggling to find any reasonable response that it can and coming up
completely empty.
"Cat got your tongue?" Tromp snarls.
"What birth certificate?" I finally ask.
"The one in your email," the prehistoric creature replies, smugly.
I realize now that I have been caught red-handed, and straight-up denial will get me
absolutely nowhere.
"How did you know?" I ask. "Are you monitoring all of the computers on this network? You
know that is illegal, right?"
"Do you think I care?" Domald asks.
I let out a long sigh, completely certain of the answer. "No."
"No," the Loch Ness Monster confirms, shaking his head, "of course I don't care, Mr.
Pooch. Desperate times call for desperate measures."
"So what are you going to do with me?" I ask him, my voice trembling. "Throw me out of the
plane like you did to my friend Barno?"
The aquatic billionaire just stares at me blankly. He is impossible to get a read on, his
emotions drifting carefully just below the surface of his green, scaly face.
Eventually, the dinosaur stands up and, without a word, begins to make his way around the
desk towards me. I gaze up, trembling in fear as the beast approaches, terrified by the thought of
whatever might happen next.
"You know, the smart thing for me to do would be to fire you," says Domald.
"But, I don't work for you," I counter.
"Listen to me," the monster says, ignoring my statement. "I'm saying it would be the smart
thing to do, but I'm not gonna do it. You know why? Because I like you. You're a killer, Pibbles, a
real killer."
"Thank you," I say with a slight nod and a gulp.
Tromp takes a seat at the edge of his desk and eyes me up and down, looking me over with
his massive Loch Ness pupils.
"You're not a clown like the rest," the creature says, placing a flipper on my knee.
As we touch for the first time I can't help but flinch, incredibly uncomfortable with our
physical connection, but as the seconds pass I can slowly feel myself relaxing, adjusting to the
prehistoric candidate's presence. Eventually, I feel the tingle of something strange and erotic pulsing
deep within me, an ache for something more as the monster begins to run his flipper up and down my
leg.
"What is this?" I ask.
"I'm gonna tell it like it is," the creature explains, "because that's just the way I do things. I
love America, I really do. In fact, I love America so much that I want to pound it in the butt."
"In the butt?" I ask.
"Yes," Domald nods, "and if I'm going to start the process of pounding America in the butt,
I'd like to start with you. With your beautiful, muscular rump."
I'm about to protest and pull away when suddenly I realize that, in truth, I don't really want
to. I said at the beginning that there was something strangely intoxicating about Domald Tromp, and
I've only just not realized what it is; an extreme, gay lust.
"I've never been with another man," I finally tell him, my voice trembling. "I'm straight."
"So am I," says Domald softly, "but I'm not another man. I'm the Loch Ness Monster."
The creature leans in and kisses me hard on the lips, prompting me to pull back slightly, but
then slowly give in to the sensation of Domald's incredible touch. I suddenly find myself
overwhelmed with arousal for this brazen, golden haired politician.
Suddenly overwhelmed with ecstasy, I push back my chair and slip down onto the floor in
front of him, looking up at the creature before me with a playful grin. Being that he is the Loch Ness
Monster, Domald wears no pants, so it is clear to see that his massive cock is growing thicker and
fuller by the minute. Soon enough, Tromps erection is standing at full attention before me, jutting out
at my face like a deep green Popsicle.
Without hesitation, I open up and swallow the reptile politician deep, pushing down as far as
I can onto the candidate's presidential dick.
Domald lets out a long, satisfied moan, placing his flippers on the back of my head and
driving me lower and lower until suddenly I push up against my gag reflex and retch loudly. Suddenly
I pull back, gasping and sputtering for air as spit hands limply between my lips and the head of
Tromp's massive shaft.
"I'm not some loser clown," I assure The Domald, "one more try."
I open my mouth and take him again, pushing down slowly and trying my best to relax as his
rod sinks deeper and deeper. It's not long before his length is teasing up against the edge of my gag
reflex for another attempt, only this time I'm ready for him, allowing his giant cock to slip past in a
stunning deep throat.
Now Domald Tromp's dick sits fully within me, consumed to the hilt as his beautiful balls
hang against my chin. Their size is impressive, revealing the creature to be a real man's man, despite
not being a man at all.
After holding the beast here for a while I finally run out of air and pull back, then
immediately get to work bobbing my head up and down across his large shaft. I move slowly and
deliberately at first and then eventually start to gain speed, pumping my tight lips across his length
with a frantic enthusiasm I never quite knew that I possessed.
The dinosaur is utterly beside himself with pleasure, moaning and groaning and slapping his
long scaly tail against the floor of the office.
Eventually, though, Domald has had enough of my mouth, craving something much more
explicit from my muscular body.
"Come on," Tromp says, reaching out a flipper and lifting me up to my feet. The next thing I
know, the dinosaur is directing me over to the massive window before us, pushing me up against the
glass and pulling down my pants with his powerful flippers.
I glance back at him with an excited smile as the large dinosaur climbs into position behind
me, aligning the head of his massive shaft with the hole of my tightly puckered asshole.
"I am a one man weapon of change!" the creature declares. "I pledge to pound the butt of
every willing American across this beautiful land, starting tonight!"
"This is truly historic," I tell the presidential hopeful. "It's an honor."
The dinosaur immediately thrusts forward and I let out a loud yelp, my body trying its best to
adjust to the incredible sensation of fullness that overwhelms me. I brace myself against the window,
trying to will my body to relax as the creature behind me begins with his slow, firm thrusts.
The clouds have cleared and below us I can now see a massive sea of city lights stretching
out for what seems like forever.
"Do you see that?" Domald asks, picking up speed with his powerful thrusts up my asshole.
"Do you see that fucking city down there?"
"I see it," I confirm, my body trembling with pleasure as the dinosaur plows into me. I reach
down and grab ahold of my rock hard dick, beating myself off to the rhythm of Tromp's hammering
from behind.
"I own all of that," Domald Tromp groans erotically, losing control of himself in a fit of
lustful emotion "all of it!"
"That's so fucking hot!" I scream. "Pound me harder, Mr. Tromp!"
Now the Loch Ness Monster is slamming into me as hard as he can, his massive cock
working like a jackhammer within the depths of my tight anus. I am beside myself with pleasure, the
first beautiful sparks of prostate orgasm blossoming within me.
There is something incredible about being taken by such a strong, patriotic beast, even if he
is really from Scotland. There is a passion within Domald that lurks behind every movement, every
look, and every anal plow. He has completely overpowered me, and I'm loving every second of it.
Eventually, Domald Trumps tires of impressing me with his obscene amount of real estate
and pulls us back away from the window, spinning me around and then laying me across the desk with
my legs spread wide. The Jurassic billionaire places his dick at the entrance of my reamed out
asshole and slams forward, immediately getting to work within me while I beat of my cock in a
delirious gay trance.
"Fuck me!" I scream, "Fuck me President Loch Ness Tromp! Pound my ass like you'll pound
the ass of all Americans!"
I can tell by the creature's pace that he is now growing close blowing his load, and I follow
just behind. I can feel my body start to tense up and then break into a wild spasm of uncontrollable
bliss, my legs shaking frantically in the air.
"Cum up my tight gay ass!" I scream, just as I eject my load.
The jizz flies through the air, splattering across my muscular chest in a beautiful Pollack
pattern that swirls over my tan skin.
Suddenly, the Loch Ness Monster is cumming, as well, pushing deep within me and holding
tight as he lets out a tremendous roar that is reserved for only the most incredible political titans. It
shakes the entire desk, and the plane around us, a vocalization of this candidate's extreme love for the
United States of America.
I can feel his spunk filling my asshole to the brim, giggling as it eventually squirts out from
the sides of my tightly packed rectum and then drips onto the desk below it.
"Fuck," Domald Tromp finally says, pulling out of me and spilling his seed everywhere in a
glorious mess. "That was great."
"You're just what this country needs," I tell the monster.
It turns out that alienating the entire dinosaur demographic is not the best political strategy,
and when election night rolls around Domald Loch Ness Tromp loses by a landslide.
Despite our brief and important moment together on the campaign trail, I never saw the
creature again, but I also never revealed his secret. I'd like to think that we came to some kind of
understanding up there above the clouds, a lover's pact that would forever remain unbroken.
However, that doesn't mean that Lon from Milk Magazine shared the same bond that I did
with Mr. Tromp. Soon enough, Milk blew the lid off of everything, sending his publication into the
stratosphere and sending Domald Tromp slinking back down into the depths of Loch Ness from which
he came.
Some say that, on cold dark nights, you can hear his voice still drifting faintly across the
Scottish lake, moaning into the harsh winds. You have to listen very carefully, but if you're lucky you
can hear it.
"You're fired," the creature bellows out to the world that turned its back on him.