I've been a speech writer for a long time, and never before have I felt this kind of pressure to create
something spectacular, something moving, and most importantly, something original.
When I tell my friends this, they say that I'm putting way too much pressure on myself, that it
really doesn't matter because Domald Tromp could say anything and the conservative crowds would
still be swooning over him in droves. I'll admit, they're not wrong, the man has been spouting off
racist and sexist remarks any chance that he gets, and he literally threw a reporter out of a plane on
the campaign trail earlier this year.
Neither of these things amounted to any kind of substantial negative press, and the latter one
was actually spun into an example of him being a take charge candidate who would do anything for
his country.
The thing is, even though I probably could turn in a sheet of incomprehensible syllables, I
take a certain amount of pride in my work, and I want this speech to be good.
You're probably wondering the same thing that everyone always wonders when they first
meet me, if I know that Tromp is such a horrible person then why am I still writing for him? Why am I
participating in a campaign that many people believe is going to lead to the wholesale destruction of
America?
I'm going to be honest; if I could write for one of the other candidates, I would.
Unfortunately, this is the job that I have and it's a hell of a position, one that is right on track with
wiping out my student loans and helping me prepare for the future. I need this job, but when it comes
time to vote I will definitely not be pulling the lever for Tromp.
This week it's the Republican National Convention, a time when all of the eyes of the
country will be on the Republican Party as they officially announce their nominee for president,
which is certain to be Mr. Tromp at this point. There are a lot of speeches to be planned, as the
convention features wall-to-wall speakers on almost every issue imaginable.
Tonight, most of the campaign staff has gathered in a luxurious back room in the deepest parts
of the convention arena, surrounding a large flat screen television with a live feed of the evening's
festivities. It's the end of the first night and we are anxiously awaiting the on stage arrival of
Domald's First Lady, Morlinda Tromp.
Everyone is anxious, although these feelings of tension aren't typical for the situation at hand.
Normally, one of us in the speech-writing department is the only one on edge, waiting to see if their
words hit the mark or miss it completely and result in a swift firing from The Domald himself.
Tonight, however, we know that our positions are secure and yet we are more nervous than ever.
This is because Morlinda Tromp has decided to write tonight's speech herself.
Typically, this would be flatly shot down the second that it was suggested, but Domald
Tromp is not a typical candidate and this is not a typical campaign. Despite a hefty amount of
protesting from those of us behind the scenes, Morlinda is going to be speaking her own words
tonight, and we have no idea what's going to happen.
On screen, the crowd erupts into a raucous applause, bursting to their feet as the potential
next first lady of the United States walks out onto the stage. She appears confident and powerful,
radiating with the prowess of a seasoned politician even though English isn't even her first language.
This is a very, very good way to start things off.
"Hello! Thank you, thank you!" Morlinda begins. Everyone here on the staff is watching with
rapt attention, our hearts slamming hard within our chests as we await her self-written words.
The potential next first lady pauses for a moment, soaking up the affection and love from the
Republican Convention around her. Finally, she continues. "The Democrats don't see the danger in
what they are doing here," Morlinda announces. "Genetic power is the most awesome force that earth
has ever seen and the Democrats are wielding it like a kid who has just found his dad's gun."
Immediately, my breath catches in my throat. It appears the Morlinda has a point here, but the
way that she is expressing that point is nothing short of bizarre. I have no idea where she could
possibly be heading with this and I bristle at the mentions of genetics and irresponsible gun use. I
glance around the room and see that other members of the staff are getting nervous as well.
"I'll tell you the problem with the scientific power that the Democrats are using!" Morlinda
says, throwing her hands in the air in a confident gesture. "It didn't require any discipline to attain it.
They've read what others have done and then they took the next step. They stood on the shoulders of
giants to accomplish something fast and easy, and before they knew what they had they've packaged it
and slapped it on a lunchbox and now they are selling it!"
It's clear now that all of us are behind the scenes are in panic mode, utterly confused about
where she is headed with this. Someone can't help but ask loudly, "What the hell is she talking
about?"
I wish I knew but, at this point, I'm beginning to get the strange sense that I've heard these
words before. I have no idea where, or when, but there is something utterly familiar about this rather
bizarre diatribe.
Morlinda is screaming now, her eyes wild with patriotic enthusiasm. "The Democrats have
spent so much time trying to figure out if they could, they never stopped to think about if they should!
Thank you!"
The crowd is on their feet now, cheering in a frantic standing ovation as Morlinda waves and
turns away from the podium, seemingly confident in a job well done.
I'm not as happy as she is. In fact, I'm downright horrified.
"Oh my god," I say aloud, suddenly realizing where I've heard all of these words before.
"Oh my fucking god."
"Oh come on, it was weird, but it wasn't that bad," one of the other writers says to me,
putting his hand on my shoulder.
I shake my head. "No, this is really bad. Don't you realize what that was?"
I suddenly realize that I've got the attention of the entire room, the crew standing in complete
silence as all eyes come to rest on me.
"That was just Bein Balcom's speech from the movie Jurassic Mark!" I exclaim. "You know,
when they're having dinner and they've learned about the dinosaurs that Mark hired for his new theme
park?"
I watch as the others quickly start looking up phrases from the speech on their phones,
gasping in astonishment when they realize I am right. Suddenly, their phones start ringing and, soon
enough, the entire room has devolved into crisis mode, the press division struggling to put out fires
left and right.
"Mr. Tromp will see you now," offers his assistant, strolling assertively into the hotel lobby
where I've been patiently seated for the last hour.
Normally, I have much quicker access to the man who I'm speech writing for, but the last few
days have been absolutely insane. The controversy generated from Morlinda's plagiarized speech has
done nothing but blossom into a talking point that the campaign cannot seem to get rid of no matter
how hard we try, and it has put me into the exact position that I did not want to find myself in.
While I had once been quiet relaxed about Domald Tromp's upcoming speech, I now find the
eyes of the world are glued onto me and my words, whether they know it yet or not.
I stand up and follow the assistant to the elevator, where we soon ascend to the top floor
penthouse of this beautiful hotel nestled right across the street from the convention arena.
"You know, Senator Ted Cobs refused to endorse Tromp at the convention last night," the
assistant tells me.
I'm not sure what is gained from making this comment, other than stressing me out even
more, so I just nod in response.
"This speech better be good," the assistant continues.
We finally reach the top floor and the elevator door slides open, revealing a massive
boardroom covered in luxurious golden trappings. There is a long white marble table that runs down
the length of the chamber, and at the end sits Tromp himself.
"Perper, have a seat!" Mr. Tromp offers with the wave of his hand. He's so far away that I
can barely see him, but I do as he asks, taking a seat in a lavish chair that's been positioned at the end.
"Do you like this table? I think this is just the best table," Tromp says. "We had it brought in
for this meeting."
"Yeah, it's nice," I assure him.
There is an awkward moment of silence between us as I wait for the rather intimidating
candidate to continue.
Finally, Tromp speaks. "I'm sure you know that tonight is very important for us," he says. "I
just wanted to make sure you knew that. After Morlinda's speech, we need something fresh and
powerful. Now, I know you're the best speechwriter out there, and I believe in you, Perper, I really
do… but you've gotta knock this one out of the park."
"Yes sir, I think I've got something really good for you cooked up," I tell him.
"Good?" Tromp asks.
"I'm sorry," I correct myself. "Great."
"That's more like it," says Tromp.
"I've got the speech right here," I tell him, holding up a manila folder. I start to stand so that I
can walk over and hand it to him but Tromp stops me in my tracks.
"Just leave it there when you go," says the candidate.
"Okay," I reply, trying my best not to be awkward during this extremely awkward exchange.
"There's nothing weird in it, is there?" asks Tromp. "Anything that the Democrats can pick
apart and turn into a… viral sensation?"
"I don't think so," I tell him. "I mean, no, sir."
"Good, good," offers Tromp. "What about… facts? Are there any of those?"
"Facts?" I question. "You don't want facts?"
Domald sighs loudly. "Listen, we've got a lot of accusations of plagiarism flying around
lately. The campaign has decided that it's not a good idea to have any concrete plans or facts in this
speech, as that could appear to be lifted from somewhere else. Really, we need the whole thing to just
be completely empty on the inside."
"Fluff?" I question.
"Feel good stuff," Domald clarifies. "Basically, just throw togeather a bunch of words that
seem patriotic, arranged in a way that barely makes any sense so that you can't really pin down what
I'm trying to say. Maybe try adding ‘believe me' after a bunch of lines, something like that just to bulk
it up a bit. I'm trying to go for the longest convention speech of all time to assert my dominance."
"I… I don't know what to tell you," I stammer. "There are facts and plans in the speech that I
wrote, at least, as much as I could gather." I stop there, not wanting to admit how hard of a time I'd
had trying to come up with any sort of concrete message from the campaign regardless.
"That's no good," Domald says. The businessman reaches over and presses a button on his
desk intercom.
"Robobba," he barks. "Get in here with some coffee for Perper, he needs to rewrite this
speech and remove anything that makes sense."
"Right away, sir," comes the voice on the other end.
At this very moment, I can feel my heart break, understanding that I have no other choice but
accept Domald's wishes. Unless I want to get fired, it's too late to turn back now.
It's late when the knock comes hard against my hotel room door. I was fast asleep, finally
succumbing to the warm embrace of my bed after tossing and turning for hours. Sure, the speech had
gone over well with the people at the convention, but as someone with a more critical outlook myself,
I couldn't help feeling guilty about what I had done. There was absolutely nothing concrete put
forward in the statement that had been read tonight, just an abstract pile of American imagery that
will, hopefully, make little enough sense to avoid a plagiarism accusation.
"Hello?" I call out, looking over at my clock and seeing that it's midnight. I reach over and
turn on the bedside lamp.
"Is this Perper Tunk's room?" calls a deep voice from the hallway outside.
I'm not sure if I should answer, but finally my curiosity gets the best of me. "Yeah, this is
Perper," I reply. "Who's asking?"
"Your speech!" the voice calls back.
This is the last response that I was expecting, and I find myself completely dumbfounded.
"What do you mean?" I question.
"I'm your speech, the one that you wrote for Tromp," the voice continues. "It's late, and I
wasn't sure where to go."
I finally stand up and walk over to the door, pulling back the chain lock and then cracking it
open. To my surprise, I find the physical manifestation of Domald Tromp's Republican National
Convention speech standing before me in all of his swirling, fear mongering glory. The speech is
handsome as hell, and as the one who crafted him I take quite a bit of pride in saying this. I'm not gay,
but if I was I can't deny that I'd probably find myself a little turned on by his midnight arrival.
"What's wrong?" I ask. "You don't have a place to stay tonight?"
The sentient speech shakes his head. "You didn't give me one when you wrote me, you didn't
give me anything," he explains.
A surge of guilt suddenly pulses through me. He's right, after all. While my first draft of the
speech had been concrete and multifaceted, this version is just a pretty face, gorgeous and triumphant
on the outside but completely lacking any substance.
"You can't go stay with the Tromps?" I question.
"They don't want anything to do with me," explains the living manifestation of my own
political rhetoric. "I just gained sentience today, so I'm not technically a citizen. Tromp calls me an
illegal. He hates me; says I'm a criminal."
I let out a long sigh. This is all my fault, and now this soulless but well meaning speech is my
responsibility. "Alright, you can come in," I say, opening the door. "What's your name?"
"Sherpo." The speech looks past me at my rather nice hotel room, his eyes coming to rest on
the single king bed. "There's only one bed," he observes.
As I mentioned before, I'm not gay, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit that the way Sherpo
makes note of this sends a sharp chill down my spine.
The handsome living presidential nomination acceptance speech steps inside and my heart
starts to race even faster, realizing just how muscular the sentient collection of words truly is. I was
told to make him easy on the eyes, and that's exactly what I did.
As the speech walks past me our hands brush and suddenly both of us have stopped dead in
our tracks, our eyes locking in a strange moment of heated tension. Neither of us dares make a move,
but we're both thinking exactly the same thing.
"I made you… very well," I say, the words leaving my lips with an almost involuntary ease.
"You did," the speech says with a smile. He hesitates for a moment and then finally
continues. "I may be empty and full of factually dubious fluff, but there's not denying that there's a
connection between us."
He's right. I want this sentient collection of conservative political pandering, and I want him
now. I close the door behind us.
"What are you doing?" asks Sherpo.
Suddenly consumed by arousal, I drop to my knees before the handsome speech, grabbing
ahold of his thickening rod and beating him off with an enthusiasm that surprises even myself.
The sentient arrangement of words looks down at me warmly, as if he'd been expecting this.
"You like that dick?" he questions playfully, making it painfully clear that he's well aware of his own
devious charm.
"It's amazing," I offer, "I had no idea that I could be so attracted to the physical manifestation
of my own political rhetoric."
"Believe it," the speech says confidently.
His swagger is alluring beyond belief, drowning my better judgment even more in wave after
wave of lustful attraction. I am falling for Sherpo, and falling for him hard.
After a good while of stroking, I open wide and take the speech's massive cock into my
mouth, wrapping my lips tightly around him as I begin to pump my head up and down across his
length. His cock is big enough that it's honestly quite a struggle to get down, but I do my best to
service him. My lips are stretched tight, barely able to contain his girth.
After a good while of modestly sucking him off like this I finally go for it and push my face
all the way down onto the full enormity of his rod, somehow relaxing the muscles in my neck and
taking Sherpo in an incredible deep throat. Having never participated in a gay experience before, I'm
shocked by my own sexual prowess, savoring every moment as I gaze up at the speech with my head
fully impaled across his shaft.
The living statement holds me here for a while, placing his hands against the back of my head
and waiting until I've just about ran out of air before he lets me up. I erupt in a frantic gasp, sputtering
as I try to collect myself and reeling from the newfound gay lust that courses through my system.
"I want you to pound me," I tell Sherpo frantically. "I want you to slam my butthole right here
on this hotel bed."
"Gladly," the speech accepts with alluring confidence.
I stand up and walk over to the bed, tearing off my shirt and pants as I go, and then throwing
them to the side.
"Talk dirty to me," I say, leaning over the bed and reaching back to spread my asshole open
for him.
Sherpo saddles up behind me and places the head of his mammoth cock up against my tightly
puckered backdoor. "Amber waves of grain," he offers.
"Fuck yeah," I groan, enjoying the tease.
"Small businesses doing well," the speech continues. "The American dream, a bald eagle,
fire works."
I suddenly let out a loud yelp as Sherpo thrusts into me, his enormous dick stretching the
limits of my anal depths. I am overwhelmed with a strange and unfamiliar sensation of both
discomfort and pleasure, but as the handsome speech begins to pump in and out of my asshole I find
the discomfort slipping quietly off into the background. Soon enough, it is gone completely, my senses
consumed by a deep, radiating pleasure.
"Law and order! Law and order!" the speech begins to say over and over, one of the many
key phrases that I recognize from his creation. "Law and fucking order in this tight little butthole!"
"Pound me!" I scream out in frantic encouragement.
The speech does as he's told, slowly speeding up within my ass until he is absolutely
jackhammering away at my aching rectum. I reach down between my legs and grab ahold of my
hanging dick, my shaft rock hard as ready to go as I begin to pump my hand up and down across it's
length.
"Make my ass great again!" I command.
The speech doesn't let up for a second, giving it too me with everything that he's got and then
eventually pulling out in order to flip me over. I soon find myself splayed out on the bed with my legs
in the air, my back against the comforter as the living rhetoric positions himself once more for entry.
When he pushes inside this time I'm ready for him, finally accustomed to Sherpo's awesome
girth. I beat myself off to his movements yet again, stroking my cock in synchronicity with every drive
up into my throbbing, satisfied anus. I can feel a strange, blossoming pleasure growing inside of me
with every pump, coming in surreal waves of warmth that pulse through my arms and legs. Soon
enough, I realize that this is the first hint of an incoming prostate orgasm.
"Oh my god, that feels so fucking good," I groan. "You're going to make me blow my fucking
load."
The speech is built with a heavy portion of competitive arrogance, and I can tell that he sees
my words as a challenge. The next thing I know he is giving it to me with a force unlike anything I
could have ever imagined slamming my butthole with reckless abandon as I quake with lustful
enthusiasm below him. Every thrust within my depths builds the tension more and more until,
eventually, I simply can't hold back any longer.
"I'm gonna cum!" I scream, my voice morphing and twisting into a long frantic cry that
echoes throughout the hotel room.
"Let me be your voice!" the speech tells me forcefully. "I am your voice!"
Suddenly, the sensations release within me, completely overwhelming my being with a
blissed out wave of pleasure. I throw my head back and shut my eyes tight, my body unable to contain
the feelings that are cascading through it. Hot ropes of jizz eject hard from the head of my cock,
shooting off into the air and then splattering back down onto me and painting my toned abs in a
beautiful pearly pattern.
I can tell that Sherpo is right there with me, damn near ready to erupt for himself as he
pounds my ass with all of his factually dubious might.
"Cover my face with your load," I command.
My own sentient speech suddenly pulls out of my asshole and climbs up onto the bed,
frantically hovering over my body as he beats off his rock hard dick. I look up at him and smile,
opening my mouth wide and sticking out my tongue as I accept his oncoming torrent of jizz.
I don't have to wait long, and soon enough Sherpo is clenching his teeth tightly, hissing
through them as the spunk begins to blast hard from the end of his absolutely mammoth rod. It rains
down onto me in rope after rope of sticky white semen, painting my face completely. I try to catch as
much of the cum as I can within my hungry mouth, swallowing once I've finally had my fill and letting
the rest of his seed splatter across my lips and chin and down my neck.
When my speech finally finishes he collapses onto the bed next to me, the two of us
completely delirious and fucked silly.
"That was amazing," I tell the speech, smiling warming. "I think… I think I might love you."
Sherpo smiles back, but there is something vaguely distraught lurking behind his expression.
"What is it?" I question.
"I know that you love me," the sentient political message says, "I was written to be loved,
but it's all surface level. You don't have to pretend with me, I know there's no real meaning."
He's right, and I know it.
"It's okay," the speech assures me, standing up and heading for the door.
"Wait!" I call out, causing Sherpo to stop in his tracks.
The conservative political statement turns around and looks back at me, revealing the pain in
his eyes.
"You might be completely inaccurate, and you might be deeply pandering," I offer, "but
you're my pandering speech, and if someone out there is going to take care of you it might as well be
me."
"You really mean that?" the sentient collection of words asks.
I nod. "Of course I do. I wrote you, you're my responsibility now. Maybe instead of fucking
over America, you can just start fucking over me." I give Sherpo a playful wink and he smiles in
return.
"I love you," my handsome speech tells me.
"I love you, too," I say.
Unlike the words written on the living speech before me, I actually mean it.