"Whoa," I announce loudly, frozen in the doorway of the Lincoln Bedroom, "It's good to be back."
My top secret service agent, Curpin, stands behind me, a man who has been hanging around
for the last twenty years and never done me wrong. A man that I can trust with my life, but also keeps
me in check when I need it. "Yes, sir, it is," he says.
It's not like I haven't been spending enough time in the White House over the last decade.
When your wife is the Secretary of State and you're a former two term American president, it's not
that difficult to find a reason for stopping in. The Lincoln Bedroom, however, hasn't belonged to me
for quite a while.
"Would you like them to start moving in your things now, Bill?" asks Curpin, breaking my
focus.
I glance back at my loyal agent. "Let's give it a moment, I want my wife to see this before we
make it out own. There's something kind of nice about seeing this room as it was hundreds of years
back."
A concerned look crosses Curpin's face. "I'm afraid that might be a while, sir. She's down in
the Situation Room and we suspect she might be there until tomorrow."
"Tomorrow?" I question. "Must be serious."
Curpin nods.
"You think I should go down there and help out?" I continue.
Curpin's expression has a thinly veiled discomfort as he shakes his head. "May I speak
freely, sir?"
I nod. "Of course, Curpin."
The secret service agent hesitates for a moment and then finally speaks. "You're not the
president anymore, your wife is. Things like spending all night down in the Situation Room are not
really part of your job."
I can't help the disappointed look that crosses my face, but it's impossible to stop because
deep down I know that he's absolutely right. Summoning all of the calm I can muster, I straighten
myself up and clear my head.
"Alright, so what's my new job?" I ask.
Curpin thinks about this for a moment and then shrugs. "Well, there have been plenty of First
Ladies, but you're the First Buckaroo. You can make the job whatever you want it to be."
I take a deep breath, suddenly feeling the weight of this completely uncharted political
position. The options are endless, but in a strange way, that's what makes figuring it out so difficult.
I've spent plenty of time championing my own causes as a citizen, but by now all of the non-profits
bearing my name are off and running on their own. My wife seems to have a handle on the task at hand
downstairs, and that leaves me pretty much out of things to do.
"Maybe it's a blessing in disguise," Curpin offers. "I mean, you've worked so hard to get to
where you are, Bill. Why not spend your time as the First Buckaroo just relaxing and having a little
fun?"
I let out a long sigh, realizing that I might not have a choice in the matter.
"You want to play video games or something?" I ask.
My secret service agent doesn't know what to say at first, clearly not expecting the
invitation.
"I'm sorry, sir," he counters, "I've been instructed to patrol the hallway outside after you're
all settled in here."
"So it's just gonna be me on my own for the night?" I clarify.
Curpin nods.
"That's okay, that's okay," I offer solemnly, trying to brush away the feelings of depression
as the begin to sink in. "You can go now, Curpin."
"You'll find something to fill your time," says the secret service agent warmly, then turns
around and leaves me completely alone to stand in the doorway of this historic bedroom.
That night I barely sleep at all, tossing and turning in bed as I wrestle with the ever-
darkening thoughts that fill my head.
I see the next four years of my life stretching out before me, boring and barren, a complete
and utter departure from the time that I spent here in the White House as President not long ago.
Political turmoil comes and goes, and I'm not a part of it, instead sitting alone and watching as the
excitement passes me by.
I feel like a ghost here.
In the last few minutes before I fall asleep, I make a deal with myself. I'm not going to let the
position of First Buckaroo mean nothing; for me, and for future men who find themselves with these
big shoes to fill. I'm going to enjoy myself here in the White House if it's the last thing I do.
"What the hell is going on here?" Curpin asks, completely dumbfounded as he barrels out onto the
White House lawn.
I glance over and smile, releasing the saxophone from my lips. "Just jamming a little bit," I
tell him.
"Out here?" Curpin questions, nodding towards the White House fence that is currently
surrounded by excited onlookers who wave and shout with patriotic enthusiasm.
"Gotta have a crowd!" I tell him. "They're lovin' these saxophone blues jams!"
"What about these guys?" Curpin shouts, pointing down at the muscular, thonged men who
continue to grace the slip and slide that stretches out on the grass before me.
"They were here when I showed up!" I insist, but we both know this is far from the truth.
"Hey listen, I'd really love to chat but the crowd is dying for more!"
I reach over and press play on the boom box next to me, the sound of heavy rock and roll
immediately blasting out from the speakers once more at full volume. I hoist my saxophone and begin
ripping out a wild solo once again, the citizens who've pressed themselves up against the White
House fence immediately bursting into a raucous cheer. The handsome men who have been sliding up
and down the White House lawn on my slip and slide kick things into high gear, as well, performing
increasingly difficult rotations in their slides as the audience looks on in amazement.
"I'm sorry, sir. I know I told you to have a little fun, but this is not the type of behavior that
the First Buckaroo should be participating in!" Curpin yells to me over the music.
I pretend not to hear him, losing myself in the sweet tunes as the thundering sound rolls over
me.
"Sir!" yells Curpin, even louder now as he tries to get my attention.
I continue to ignore him, my saxophone wails hitting a fever pitch as the highest note
possible soars out gracefully across the White House lawn.
Suddenly, everything stops. I pull the instrument away from my mouth and look down to find
Curpin standing with the boom box in his hand, his finger planted firmly upon the pause button.
"Alright everybody, show's over!" he cries out, eliciting a moan of disappointment from the
onlookers, as well as the slippery, shirtless hunks on the ground. "Orders from the President herself!"
I let out a long groan of my own now, recognizing that my wife will always have the last
word in situations like this.
As the guys pack up their slip and slide I carefully put away my saxophone and then stoically
follow Curpin back inside, my head lowered in defeat.
"Guess the White House isn't as fun as it used to be," I say.
We enter and I tell Curpin that I'm just going to head back to the bedroom and put away my
instrument. He lets me go alone, and I relish this moment of freedom.
"I heard that," a voice suddenly comes floating out through the hallway around me.
I stop and turn around, looking for any sign of who could have possibly said this. As
suspected, I'm all-alone, the high ceiling of this hallowed hall giving me a sense of smallness that
pounds the point home even more.
"Hello?" I call out. "Who's there?"
A deep soulful laugh carries out down the hallway, drifting over my head as I spin in a
circle. "Has it really been that long?" the voice asks. "I thought we were friends, Bill!"
Something about the way he says this actually strikes a chord somewhere deep down within
my memory, a long forgotten friendship suddenly bubbling up to the forefront of my consciousness
once again. A smile slowly begins to cross my face.
"Gorgon," I announce confidently. "How could I forget!"
"Good to have you back, Billy Boy," Gorgon announces.
Gorgon is an incredible living building, a man who I had my share of excitement with long,
long ago. He's seen many Presidents come and go, seen wars and long times of peace. Of course,
everyone else knows Gorgon by his more traditional name: The White House.
"I saw you get shut down out there on the lawn," the White House tells me. "If you'd been
inside I could have said something, but I've got no control out on the lawn."
"It's alright," I assure him. "You've gotta stay neutral on those kind of things anyway."
The White House laughs, the hallway shaking slightly around me. "I mean, I should stay
neutral, but you know how things can get some nights. This place is so stuffy, I miss having you
around to party with."
"Well, I'm back," I tell Gorgon, "but I don't think I'm going to be partying very much these
days. Between Curpin and President, I'm on a pretty tight leash."
"Good thing I've got plenty of room for privacy," says the living historical building.
As I recall, it's not unusual for the White House to be a bit mischievous, but there is
something distinctly playful about his voice as he says this; flirty even.
I'd be lying if I said there wasn't a tension between us, but that's only natural when you
spend as many long nights together in the Oval Office as we have. Nothing ever happened, of course,
but it always felt like the sexual pressure could burst at any moment.
I suppose that's why it had been so easy to forget about Gorgon, in a strange way. I knew that
if I dwelled on the erotic feelings we once shared they would do nothing but grow, so I must have just
blocked the whole thing out entirely.
"You know, Madam President is down in the Situation Room again," offers the White House.
"She's gonna be down there all night, just in case you wanted to go hang out in the Oval Office for a
while and blow off some steam."
"I'm not sure about that…" I stammer, my party boy facade unexpectedly faltering. "You sure
she won't come back?"
"I'm the White House," the living structure reminds me. "I think I'd know."
I let out a long sigh, finally giving in to the simmering arousal that continues to grow deep
within me. "Alright, alright."
Instead of heading back to the Lincoln Bedroom I take a sharp left and stride confidently
towards the Oval Office. I'm such a familiar face around here that nobody walking past me even
gives a second glance, and despite my hard partying reputation, being the First Buckaroo gives you all
the access you'd ever need.
There are two secret servicemen waiting outside the Oval Office door, but I simply nod and
they let me inside where I am met with a powerful relic of my past. The room has an electricity to it,
that's for sure, and while I'd grown used to spending my time in here as President, the familiarity has
worn off enough that a surge of goose bumps make their way across my arms.
"How does it feel?" questions Gorgon.
"Like the good old days," I admit, strolling over to the presidential desk and running my
fingers along the corner, taking it all in. "What about you? How does it feel to have me back inside of
you?"
The White House hesitates for a moment, then finally answers with a simple. "Good. Really
good."
In a moment of inspiration, I lift my saxophone to my lips and start to play a slow, romantic
jam. The notes carry out from my instrument in a beautiful wave, filling the room with a lustful, aching
sense of longing.
"You're so talented," Gorgon eventually tells me, interrupting my song.
It's now our never, I realize, my whole body trembling with anticipation. I'm face to face
with a choice that could determine the next four years of my life here at the White House, maybe even
the next eight. If I decide to make a move with Gorgon, then I know this life of governmental partying
is where I need to be, but if I turn around now I might as well just settle down for good; no more sax
in the front lawn, no more hunks on the slip and slide, no more horsin' around.
Finally, I make my choice.
"You know, this saxophone isn't the only thing that I'm good at blowing on," I tell the living
American monument.
"Oh yeah?" the White House questions, playing along.
"Yeah," I tell him, placing my instrument on the desk and then walking around it, heading
over towards the windows where the curtains hang down modestly and rustle in the slight breeze.
I reach out and grab the fabric that drapes the windows, then pull it open suddenly to reveal
a massive cock protruding from the wall. I gasp at the sight of it, fully knowing it was there but never
having the courage to take it in with my own eyes.
"You like what you see?" Gorgon asks.
I nod, then drop down onto my hands and knees, crawling towards the enormous member and
taking it into my hand. Slowly but surely, I begin to stroke the White House off, letting the living
building enjoy the tightness of my grip. The building starts to moan softly around me, clearly enjoying
himself as I stroke faster and faster.
Eventually, I am beating Gorgon off at a furious pace, overwhelmed with aching homosexual
lust for this handsome and well crafted structure.
I just can't help myself, opening wide and taking his shaft between my hungry lips.
"Oh fuck," the White House groans loudly.
I bob my head up and down his length a few times, savoring the salty taste of this historical
member and considering all of the presidents from years past who only had the courage to look and
not touch. I continue like this for a while, taking him with quick bursts of oral enthusiasm until
eventually I push down all the way and swallow his member entirely. Gorgon's dick disappears
completely within my neck in an expertly performed deep throat, consumed so fully that even I am
amazed at my sexual dexterity. Somehow I've managed to relax enough that he slips easily past my
gag reflex, plunging all the way inside as my face presses up against Gorgon's hard White House abs.
I hold the living building here for as long as I can and then finally pull back and release him
with a loud, frantic gasp. I try desperately to collect myself, to reckon with the powerful homosexual
lust that courses through my body, but it's just no use. No matter how hard I try to stop it, I can feel the
frantic craving for White House cock consume me, turning me into a belligerent political dick addict
who is willing to get off in any depraved way possible.
"I want you to fuck me," I tell Gorgon. "I want you to pound me up the ass the like bad little
First Buckaroo that I am."
"With pleasure," the White House responds.
Immediately, I start to tear off my suit and tie, throwing my clothes to the side until I'm
completely naked on my hands and knees. I turn around so that I'm facing away from the wall, as well
as the massive cock that protrudes from its painted white surface.
"Do you want this former presidential ass?" I coo, wiggling my muscular butt playfully in
front of the sentient building.
"Fuck yeah," the White House tells me.
I slowly back up against the wall, letting his massive cock slide up against my ass crack but
not yet allowing him inside. I tease the White House with my buns, playfully moving back and forth
while he aches for entry.
"Beg for it," I tell the White House.
"I want to fuck you so badly," Gorgon moans.
Heeding his words, I pull back and readjust so that the head of his swollen shaft is pressed
up ever so slightly against the rim of my butthole. I hesitate for a moment, savoring this despite my
cock crazed mental state, then finally just can't take it anymore as I slam myself down onto his rod.
I can't help but be shocked by the size of his gigantic member, letting out a startled yelp as
Gorgon's massive cock impales me. I can feel his girth stretching my insides to the limit, my rectum
struggling to contain all of this living object dick. I'd be lying if I said there was no twinge of
discomfort as I allow him to take my asshole, but the longer I allow the White House to pummel my
depths, the more this sensation transforms into a throbbing, pleasurable ache.
Soon enough, I an slamming back against him with all of my might, allowing him access to
parts of my body that have never been explored until this very moment. I can feel a strange warmth
starting to pulse through me in a series of waves, starting small at first and then growing bigger and
bigger with every successive slam up my asshole. It's not long before I realize that this strange new
sensation is one of prostate orgasm, the tension that has built within my body suddenly on the verge of
boiling over.
I reach down and begin to pump my fist across the length of my own cock, matching my
movements to the thrusts within my ass. I'm trembling now, my body reeling with all of these foreign
sensations as they beg for release.
"Oh my god, I'm so close," I inform the living piece of American history. "I'm gonna cum so
fucking hard!"
"Wait!" the White House tells me, causing me to halt mid thrust. "Don't cum yet."
"But why?" I ask him, aching to explode.
"I want you to cum inside of me," the enormous living building tells me. "I want you to cum
up my ass."
"Okay," I concede, then glance back over my shoulder at him playfully. "You first."
Immediately, I start to jackhammer back against the firm White House cock as hard as I can,
using every ounce of my strength to send his rod straight up my sphincter. It's not long before the
entire building is quaking with orgasmic pressure, just waiting to be released.
"Do it!" I scream. "Cum up my fucking butthole like the filthy gay former President that I
am!"
Suddenly, the White House is exploding within me, his massive load blasting up into my
butthole in a series of spastic pumps. When there's no space left to contain it, I can feel his warm
spunk squirt out from the edges of my tightly packed ass, running down my crack and dripping onto the
sacred floor of the Oval Office below.
Finally, I move away from the wall and Gorgon's dick slides out of me in a cascade of
pearly white semen.
"Find my ass," groans the White House, "it's in the rose garden, behind a bush. Right next to
the Situation Room escape hatch."
I know exactly where he's talking about, and although I'd climbed up through the hidden
escape tunnel several times during our seasonal drills, I'd never once noticed a butthole.
As quickly as I can, I throw on my clothes and scramble out the door, not wanting to wait
even the slightest bit longer before I blow my load.
I almost forget my saxophone, but hesitate just before heading out in the hall just long enough
to grab it. The next thing I know, I am making my way down the seemingly endless twisting corridors
of my lover, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone who might possibly ask what I'm up to.
Unfortunately, I'm spotted quickly.
"Bill!" calls out Curpin, running up from behind me. "Where were you? I've been looking all
over for you!"
I turn around to face him and quickly adjust my hair, attempting to look as together as
possible despite the disheveled nature of my attire. "I got lost," I lie.
Curpin just stares at me blankly. "Sir, you spent eight years here as president and you still
don't know your way around?"
I've been caught red handed and I know it, and if I don't think fast then Curpin is certain to
report this to my wife. If that happens, I'll be grounded to the Lincoln Bedroom until the next election
season.
Suddenly, a wave of calm washes over me as I realize that there is only one way out of this. I
need to tell the truth.
"Alright," I finally say, "I wasn't taking my saxophone back. I was in the Oval Office."
A look of solemn confusion crosses Curpin's face. "What were you doing in the Oval
Office?" he questions.
I take a deep breath. "I was letting the White House fuck me up the ass," I explain.
"Gorgon?" Curpin exclaims, shocked.
I nod. "Listen, Curpin, I know this seems crazy and everything but I need you to hear me out.
What me and Gorgon have is something special, it's not just a flash in the pan."
Curpin is listening intently, watching as my eyes fill with tears.
"I love him," I admit.
"And what about your wife?" questions my trusted secret service agent.
"I love her, too," I exclaim. "I think that the three of us could make something work, I really
do."
Curpin considers this for a moment, thinking long and hard about all the information I've
presented to him. Still, he says nothing.
"I need to go out to the rose garden and cum in the White House's butthole," I continue. "I
need to finish what I started."
Now Curpin is crying, too, my long time friend now realizing that he is in the presence of
true passion unfolding.
Curpin nods. "Go, just go," he says with a teary smile.
"Thank you," I offer, turning to leave and then stopping abruptly. "You're the best secret
service agent I've ever had," I tell him.
"You're the best First Buckaroo," he jokes with a playful smile. "Now go show that butthole
you've still got it!"
The next thing I know I am sprinting full speed through the White House, twisting and turning
down the long corridors until finally I arrive at the door to the rose garden. I push through it, enjoying
the warm sun and fresh air against my skin.
"Over there," the White House suddenly pipes up, "behind that bush."
I make my way over the edge of the building, sliding behind a large rose bush and then
kneeling down to inspect the outside wall. I spot it almost immediately, a tiny puckered butthole
staring back at me in all of its handsome glory. A startled gasp escapes my lips.
"What are you waiting for," Gorgon coos playfully.
I unbuckle my pants and slide them down, then push myself up against the hard wall, running
my hands across the solid craftsmanship of this elegant older building. The rim of Gorgon's butthole
welcomes my cock as I tease against the edge of his tightness, then moments later I push forward into
the warm political anus.
Immediately, I get to work pumping in and out of the White House's taut ass, slamming into
his rectum with animalistic fury until, finally, I just can't hold back any longer. I throw my head
towards the sky and let out a howl of ecstasy, jizz erupting from my shaft and filling my gorgeous gay
lover to the brim.
"Oh my fucking god," I cry, the sensations within my body to just overwhelming not to
vocalize.
When I finally finish I fall over to the side, but where I expected the ground to catch me there
is suddenly none. Frantically, I try to catch my balance but before I can I'm tumbling down into a long
metal shaft that I immediately recognize as the presidential escape route from the Situation Room.
Even over end I flip, rolling over myself in the air several times before hitting a metal vent and
bursting through. There is a loud thud as I slam into the middle of a conference table, and an entire
room of high-ranking political figures lets out yelps of shock, my wife included.
Struggling to collect myself, I look around in a daze to find that I've landed in the Situation
Room, right in the middle of the conference table. On a screen before me is the large face of a
notorious Russian diplomat.
"Bill… is that you?" the diplomat questions.
I nod, clearing my throat and trying to pull my pants back on. My saxophone was crushed
under my weight during the fall. "Yeah, it's me."
The diplomat smiles. "You know… I've always said that you can trust someone who knows
how to party. Forget what I said earlier, we will agree to stand down."
The American politicians around me exchange glances of excitement.
"Really?" I question.
"Of course," says the diplomat with a nod.
The screen shuts off as the video call is disconnected, causing the entire room to burst out in
uproarious applause.
I guess there's a time and place for me to horse around in the White House after all.