It's weird to look back and remember a time when bigfeet were still considered a thing of mystery; a
myth, a legend. Many years ago, almost too many to remember at this point, the entire species were
considered to be nothing more than a figment of imagination born from the minds of frightened
campers in the deep dark woods.
I was just a teenager when it finally happened. The bigfeet, or sasquatch as they are
sometimes called, held a massive press conference and exposed themselves to the outside world,
seeking a truce with humankind as their land became further and further encroached upon.
There was desperation in their attempt to integrate into our society, but for the most part they
were welcomed with open arms. Soon enough, it wasn't uncommon to see bigfeet working in
restaurants, pumping gas, or even holding small government positions.
That is, of course, until Gardook Yuldok hit the scene.
Yuldok was a beautiful brown bigfoot, large even for his species. The creature became
notable after co-writing a few pop hits that cracked into the top forty. Eventually, he released a
record of his own titled, "It's Lonely Out Here In The Forest" which became an immediate classic
with even the most jaded of hipsters. Something about the bigfoot experience began to resonate with
people across the globe, and soon enough Yuldok became a household name.
But nothing could have prepared mankind for what would come next.
Eventually, rumors started to buzz about Yuldok campaigning for office. Technically, as
someone born within the United States, he was allowed to run for the position of president, although
the idea still seemed far-fetched. After all, we had spent centuries with humans as the leader of the
free world, not bigfeet.
But the rumors were true, and Yuldok won by a landslide after staying true to a platform of
environmental activism and fiscal conservation. History was made, and I was lucky enough to see it
happen.
Growing up, I knew always wanted to be involved in politics. Sparked by my fifth grade
class election, when I won by a landslide against a guy with an absolutely terrifying set of braces,
climbing the social ladder has fascinated me like nothing else. After my win I was hooked, finding
motivation to excel with the idea that, someday, all of these accomplishments would be vetted as I
was on my way to becoming the first openly gay president of the United States. Of course, things
never turn out exactly the way that we think that they will.
Instead, I became a journalist, and damn good at it. When I started out I was mostly covering
filler stories, but eventually I worked my way into the coveted position of chief political
correspondent of a very successful news blog. I'm a guy who's willing to get down and dirty and get
what he wants, even if that means bending a few rules to get there.
I got my job in my mid twenties; right around the time that President Yuldok began to enter
his second term. Our blog was getting bigger, but I still remember the feeling of shock that radiated
through my body when I first learned that we had landed an interview with the president himself.
When I realized that, due to my position, I would be the one at the helm of this historic
opportunity, I almost had a heart attack. But, I somehow managed to hold it together enough to
prepare some direct and hard-hitting questions for the first bigfoot president.
I'll be the first to admit it, most of my journalistic skills are based on the simple fact that,
unlike most of my aging, wrinkled contemporaries, I'm a handsome young gay man. It certainly
doesn't hurt to have my looks when trying to press a few buttons. This could come in especially
handy in regards to President Yuldok, amidst rumors that the creature was gay due to his lack of a first
lady.
The president tried to play it off coolly, suggesting that he was just to busy to find a suitable
mate, but the general public wasn't buying it. The only thing that saved Yuldok was that he was
already the first non-human President of the United States, making the idea that he could possibly be
the first gay one less than newsworthy in the eyes of many.
When the day of the interview finally came, I was more than ready to meet the world's first
bigfoot president, but nothing could have prepared me for what was about to happen, changing the
way that I looked at love and lust forever.
"Identification please." The security guard asks me as I show him my shiny new White
House press credentials.
"Right here." I tell him nervously. "First day."
"Only day." The guard says, cracking a smile. He runs my badge along a strange red
scanner on the counter in front of him. It beeps twice, then he hands my card back to me.
"Just follow this hallway until you see the big white doors, there will be four secret service
officers there to greet you. They'll take you inside the oval office when President Yuldok is ready."
He says.
I start to walk away from the counter and then stop, unable to help myself as I turn back
around and lean in towards the guard. I lower my voice amid the hustle and bustle of the first floor
office lobby. "What's president Yuldok like?" I ask.
The guard thinks for a moment, apparently weighing a whole series of possible
consequences in his head and then finally says. "Intense."
I nod, then continue onward into the hallowed halls of the infamous west wing. For a
political junkie like myself, there could be nothing more incredible that being here in this notorious
building and basking in the incredible sense of patriotic history. I gaze in wonder at the portraits that
line the hallway as I pass by, various presidents long since dead who once walked these grounds,
making decisions that would forever change the world.
I round a corner and immediately find myself face to face with the four secret service
officers who were mentioned earlier. They check my credentials a second time and then instruct me
to sit on a couch positioned just outside the door, which I do gladly, gripping my notebook and small
audio recorder tightly in my hands.
From where I sit and can see movement under the door to the oval office, a shadow that
paces back and forth within. There is a voice speaking loudly, deep in the midst of some heated
phone call that I'm just barely out of earshot to hear.
The pacing stops.
My heart immediately begins to quicken within my chest, pounding harder and harder as I
can hear large, lumbering footsteps approach the door before me. I try desperately to prepare myself
for the presence of this glorious creature, but the second President Yuldok opens the door he
completely takes my breath away.
The large, hairy beast smiles at me and then gives a nod, "Allen Bennet?"
I don't say anything, frozen in complete awe.
"Mr. Bennet?" The president repeats. "Your blog requested an interview?"
Suddenly, everything comes rushing back to me and I regain control of my senses. "Yes!" I
gasp. "I'm sorry about that, yes, I'm Allen."
I stand up and shake President Yuldok's massive hairy hand, immediately taken by his
powerful grip. As strange as it sounds, there is something incredibly sexy about the president's
beastly presence, instantly creating an overwhelming sense of submission to his monstrous size. I'm
trying to remain as professional as possible, but I find it difficult to quell the steady ache of my
slightly hardening cock.
What are these feelings? I desperately ask myself.
Despite their integration into our society, relationships between bigfeet and humans are still
very taboo, and a gay relationship of that sort is even more so. Not that any of this even matters,
because at the end of the day, he is the bigfoot president and I am just a lowly blogger.
However, I can't help but notice the way that Yuldok's large bigfoot hand lingers on mine as
he leads me into the office. Maybe the rumors about our president were true, after all.
"Come on in." President Yuldok says. "Have a seat."
The handsome bigfoot politician sits at a large oak desk on the far side of the office. There
are two chairs placed across from the desk to face him but, other than that, the room is almost entirely
void of furniture, just a large rug in the center and bookshelves lining the walls.
"You like what I've done with the place?" Yuldok asks. "There used to be some couches in
here, I don't know if you've seen pictures or not. Anyway, I'm just too big and I like to pace around
when I talk, so I moved the couches out. I kept on tripping over them; broke one, actually."
I sit down in the chair across from the hairy president. "Do you find it hard to adjust?" I
ask, turning on my tape recorder with a firm click. "You're the first non-human president, there must
be all sorts of things around here that need to be custom fitted for bigfeet. Larger pens maybe?"
Yuldok smiles. He's even more handsome up close, muscular with shiny fur and what seems
to be a permanent devilish twinkle in his eye. The creature instantly commands the room, and he
knows it.
"I'll tell you all about it." Says the president. "But first you'll have to turn off that
recorder."
I look at him dumbfounded for a moment, not exactly sure where he's headed with this, but
do as I'm told. "You don't allow recorders in here?" I ask, confused.
"Not for this interview." Yuldok tells me, leaning back in his large wooden chair.
We sit in silence for a moment while Yuldok takes me in with his deep, soulful eyes. I'm not
sure what to do, wondering if he expects me to talk first and then finally offering, "This is a nice…
desk you've got here."
Yuldok smiles. "Thank you. Now how about a compliment for you?" The large creature
offers.
I'm utterly perplexed, but humor him. "Sure, why not." I say.
"You're an utterly gorgeous man." Yuldok tells me.
I immediately blush, my heart kicking into double time again as I realize that my suspicions
are looking more and more to be correct about my hairy, gay president.
"Why are you telling me this?" I ask him, trying to keep my cool.
"I've seen you before, online." President Yuldok explains. "Your video blogs are very
good, and you turn me on."
"Thank you." I say.
"Did you know that not only am I the first non-human president, but I'm also the first
president to never have a first lady?" Yuldok asks.
I nod.
"Do you know why that is?" He continues.
I know the answer but I don't want to say it, terrified that I'm about to walk into some kind of
verbal trap that has been meticulously laid out for me by this cunning sasquatch politician. I take a
deep breath. "Because you're gay?" I finally ask.
Yuldok grins and looks back down at the recorder, double-checking that the red light is off.
"Yes." He finally answers.
I'm speechless, reeling somewhere between disappointment that I'm clearly not allowed to
report this, but elation that I might actually have a chance with this incredible, presidential beast. "I
am too." I finally tell him.
Yuldok nods. "Yes, I know. With the secret service at my disposal, it's fairly easy to drum
up information on just about anyone. After seeing you on your blog, I've decided that you would be
the perfect candidate for my needs."
"Candidate?" I ask.
Yuldok rolls his eyes and chuckles. "I'm sorry, that sounds so sterile. I'll try to leave my
politics outside of the room when we're in here together. Maybe ‘lover' is a better word."
"I'm sorry," I admit. "I don't entirely follow."
"I'd like to fuck you." Yuldok says, calmly and completely straight faced.
Despite his alpha swagger, the president's bluntness has finally gone too far and I actually
find myself a little bit offended by his offer. Everything about this is just too formal, too… strange.
I can tell that he sees this in my face, but his collected domineer doesn't falter for a second.
"Why would I let you do that?" I ask, flustered.
Yuldok doesn't miss a beat. "Because I'm hot, gay, intelligent and I'm the fucking president;
because I'm a rare commodity and I know my value. Because I can."
My jaw nearly drops as he says this, partially offended by his confidence but also, despite
my best efforts, a little impressed. Being as handsome as I am, I've never had a gay man come at me
without just a hint of desperation lurking somewhere, but Yuldok clearly doesn't need me, he wants
me.
I suddenly realize that I'm rock hard in my pants craving the touch of this powerful beast.
He's so handsome and secure in that lush brown fur and those piercing dark eyes, I can't even imagine
a world were I wouldn't be completely swept away the second that I saw him.
"I don't think so, let's keep this interview professional." I force myself to say, despite the
fact that I want him inside of me more than anything right now.
There is a twinkle in Yuldok's eyes as I say this, then a long pause before he finally responds
with a simple, "Fine." He taps a button on his desk and suddenly the doors behind me are swinging
open, leading back out of the oval office.
I sit in my chair for a moment, stunned that he wasn't going to try harder to get into my pants
before it suddenly dawns on me that he doesn't need to. President Yuldok is the leader in this
exchange, not me, which is a rare situation for a me to find myself in.
"You can go." Yuldok adds, driving the point home. "The interview's over."
I sigh, but don't move an inch. "What do you want from me?" I finally ask.
"I told you. Sex." Yuldok answers calmly. "You said no, so now you're leaving."
"I'm sorry." I blurt, shocking even myself. "What are the details?"
President Yuldok winks at me with his large, sasquatch eye, a disturbingly cocky move that
he can somehow get away with easily. "I get to fuck you." Says the hairy creature. "You get the
honor of having been fucked by me."
Finally, I just can't take it anymore, his alpha arrogance pushing me over the edge from
which there is no return. I want him to take me right here, right now.
"I'll do it." I blurt, my heart nearly pounding out of my chest. "I'll service you like the filthy
gay human that I am."
"Are you sure that you're up for the job?" He asks.
"Yes." I tell him, the word falling from my lips in a soft moan.
Yuldok stands up from his desk and then walks slowly around to stand behind me, placing his
strong, hairy hands on either shoulder in a subtle display of dominance.
I can hear Yuldok unzipping his fly, pulling it down slowly and then releasing his cock,
which he lays across my shoulder in all of it's thick, brown glory. I turn my head to look at the
stiffening rod and then gasp aloud, reeling in shock from its substantial girth.
"It's incredible." I mumble.
"You know what they say about big feet." The president tells me.
Slowly, I turn in my chair to face Yuldok, looking up with big gay doe eyes as I take his cock
into my hands, noting the stark contrast of my skin tone and his brown fur. His dick is so huge that I
can barely wrap my hand around it, but I do my best, gripping him tightly and slowly beginning to
pump up and down over the length of his beastly shaft.
Yuldok is clearly enjoying himself, closing his eyes and leaning back as a low, sensual moan
escapes his lips. He starts to move his hips along with me, synchronizing himself with the strokes of
my hand while I cradle his balls with the other. Eventually, my pumping grows faster and faster until
finally my hand is simply not enough and I take him hungrily into my mouth, swallowing as much of
his massive dick as I can muster.
My lips are stretched to the brink as I attempt to take down his python, pushing myself onto it
with everything that I've got until the member finally hits my gag reflex and I find myself retching
loudly. I pull back and take a huge gasp of air, slightly embarrassed but feinding for more.
Yuldok actually chuckles to himself as I collect my wits, then places his large hands behind
my head and helps to push me back down onto his rod again. I'm ready now, taking him deep and
then relaxing as the head of his mammoth cock presses up against my gag reflex. This time I manage
to slide past it, plunging his cock down much deeper than any dick I've ever taken, and eventually I
find myself with Yuldok's hard bigfoot abs pressed up against my face, his cock disappearing
completely within me. Tears well up in my eyes as he holds me there, a natural reaction to consuming
such a massive wand of flesh, but somehow his rough treatment of my face dose nothing but turn me
on even more.
I'm trembling with desire, my throat full of dick and my cock aching to blow its hot load. I
want him to fuck me up my ass; I want to get off.
Yuldok pushes my head up and down a bit, controlling my movements as I pleasure his shaft
and then finally, just as I'm about to run out of air, he lets me up to breathe.
"I love that fucking big bigfoot cock." I tell him desperately. "But I need it in my asshole, I
need it so bad."
"Is that how you address your superior?" Yuldok asks sternly in his deep, booming voice.
"I need you in my asshole, Mr. Bigfoot President." I repeat, formally.
Immediately, he lifts me up from the chair and then bends me over his desk so that I'm now
overlooking his incredible view of the White House lawn. Yuldok fiercely pulls down my jeans and
boxer briefs, exposing my gay ass to the cool office air.
"Oh my god, I can't believe I'm doing this." I moan. "I'm such a bad, bad boy."
"Yes you are." Yuldok says, slapping my rump hard. He takes my hips in his strong hands
and then skillfully aligns his thick rod with my puckered hole. Moments later he's pushing forward,
stretching my tightness around his massive shaft while it slides deeper and deeper into my depths,
finally coming to rest at the bottom and holding me here for a moment, savoring me. I let out a long
moan, my hands gripping tightly onto the edge of the desk as Yuldok begins to pump in and out of me
with his Bigfoot cock, moving slowly at first and then gaining speed with his expert railing.
I close my eyes tight, bracing myself against his movements as well as the waves of pleasure
that quickly begin to pulse through my body.
"That feels so good Mr. President." I groan. "I love taking that big hairy dick."
I feel another hard slap against my ass and look back at him over my shoulder, reveling in the
incredible sight of this amazing figure plowing me, using me however he sees fit. I'm here for his
pleasure now, a servant to his deviant gay desires and yet somehow, I feel free. Free to express the
deep dark secret that I've carried around with me for longer than I can remember, that I want nothing
more than to be dominated by a strong, muscular sasquatch.
By now, Yuldok is hammering me with all of his strength, every pump against my backside
causing the desk to rattle and shake. I'm shaking as well, my body struggling to cope with the torrent
of overwhelming sensations that are blooming with unstoppable beauty from my prostate. An orgasm
is not far behind, and I reach down between my legs, stroking my dick to help myself along but,
before I can, Yuldok suddenly pulls out of me and flips me over.
Maneuvered by his large, muscular arms, I suddenly find myself on my back with my legs in
the air, spread wide open while Yuldok slams into my butthole with an animalistic fury. With every
thrust my legs bounce in the air, framing Yuldok's chiseled bigfoot face.
"You're doing great work here." Yuldok tells me with a cocky wink. "Best interview I've
ever had."
"Thank you, sir." I tell him.
"I've got an advanced task for you, though." He says. "I hope you're up for it."
"I'm up for it." I moan, the powerful feelings suddenly getting the best of me as I begin to
tremble again, wild spasms shooting up and down my body. "I'm up for anything. My body is yours."
Yuldok pulls out. "That's what I thought." He takes his gigantic rod in his hands and then
lowers it slightly, pushing forward until the head of his shaft presses lightly against the puckered
entrance of my already reamed back door. Next to his cock, however, I can feel something else;
something quietly pulled from some inside the bigfoot president's oak desk.
"Wait, are you?" I stammer, trying desperately to collect my thoughts. "Is this?"
"Double penetration?" Yuldok answers with a smirk. "Yes. You're going to take my giant
bigfoot dick and the official presidential butt plug at the same time."
"I've never done it before." I admit. "A DP."
"It's about time you learned." Yuldok tells me, pushing forward against the rim of my
tightness. My body resists him at first, and then moments later my asshole expands around his shaft
and the plastic plug, spreading wide while I groan in a mixture of extreme pleasure and dull pain. I
try my best to relax as he enters me, but his cock is so huge that it's impossible not to respond to its
size. The deeper he slides with the dildo, however, the better it starts to feel, and by the time he
comes to rest down within the depths of my anus the sensation has become a wonderful,
overpowering fullness that envelopes me entirely.
"Fuck." I whimper. "I can't believe I've got a dick and a dildo up my ass at the same time."
"Believe it." Yuldok says, pulling out and then thrusting forward again, this time a little
rougher and more deliberate. He does it again and again, plowing me harder every time as I squeal
with delight until eventually he finds a nice, steady rhythm within me. I like watching him as he
works, letting my eyes bask in the glory of his impeccable, refined abs and muscular hairy shoulders.
I reach down and run my hands along the dark fur of Yuldok's rippling chest, unable to stop myself as
a flustered gasp escapes my lips.
The two of us are now moving together in perfect synchronicity, our bodies tethered by
lustful movements. There is a pleasant tension building up inside of me again, an orgasmic wave of
prostate pleasure just waiting to break, but I want to cum while riding on top of him.
"Lie down." I tell Yuldok breathlessly, momentarily pulling his massive cock out of my
asshole, the dildo popping out with it.
He does what he's told without hesitation, turning around and lying flat across his
presidential desk while I climb up onto him, my feet planted firmly on either side. Without hesitation,
I squat down and impale my gay asshole with his huge dick.
"Oh god damn, that feel's so fucking good." Yuldok tells me in his deep voice.
I start to swoop down against him hard, focusing intently on the strange sensation within my
ass while I rapidly beat my cock.
It's not long before my body is trembling hard, quakes of lust shooting up and down my limbs
while I enter the final stages of launch.
"You're gonna make me cum!" I scream. "Fuck!"
Suddenly, a wave of unbridled pleasure hits me like a train, causing me to throw my head
back and let out a frantic howl of ecstasy. I'm quaking on top of the bigfoot president, my entire body
enveloped by a series of powerful, spastic convulsions. Hot ropes of jizz shoot from the head of my
cock, splattering everywhere. My eyes roll back into my head and I clench my teeth, the sensation
almost too much to handle as I ride it out and then finally relaxing as it subsides into a pleasant,
satisfied warmth.
Yuldok is right behind me, railing away at my tight asshole then suddenly pushing up into me
and holding, every muscle in his body clenched in unison as a massive ejection of cum blasts from his
cock. It fills me with a strange warm and quickly becomes too much to contain, squirting out from the
tightly packed rim of my asshole in white, milky streaks. His dick twitches with every pump, ejecting
a series of large payloads before finally settling down.
Once Yuldok is entirely finished, I climb up off of him, letting his jizz splatter out onto the
desk below me. He stands with me and takes me into his muscular, hairy arms, kissing me deeply.
"You did a great job today." He whispers in my ear. "We can do the real interview as soon
as tomorrow."
I smile, then respond with a simple, "Thank you, Mr. President."
I pull my clothes back on and then, after another quick kiss from Yuldok, turn around and
make my way out of the oval office.