A lot of people get burned out on politics quickly, and when it's the year of a presidential election I
can totally understand where they are coming from. The entire circus starts months ahead of
time, when the candidates begin their announcements (sometimes even years in advance, actually) and
the closer things get to Election Day the higher the stakes are raised. This means more drama, more
scandal, and more politically driven ranting on social media. It can get exhausting for many people,
but not me.
I'm twenty-one years old and this is the first year that I'll be old enough to vote, meaning the
constant cycle of political theater hasn't yet worn me down into a biased, exhausted shell of my
former patriotic self. I'm excited to get out there and make my voice heard, even if my voice is just
one in several million all vying for their chance to make a difference in this country.
With all of this excitement, you'd think that I'd already know who I was going to cast my
vote for, but somehow I'm still up in the air.
I know, I know. You're probably wondering how that is even possible, but hear me out.
There are just so many candidates to pick from this year that I'm actually having a hard time choosing.
Of course, you have the Democrats and the Libertarians, the Green Party and the Blue Party and the
Pink Party rounding out the various hues, as well as the Buckaroo Party and the League of Pacific
Northwestern Bigfeet. All of these diverse political affiliations have something to offer, and while I
find myself drawn to each and every one of them to varying degrees, there isn't a single choice that
actually follows my personal politics completely.
At least I know one party that I'm not voting for: The Republicans.
I believe in trying to keep my political ideology as clean and clear as I possibly can, which
means that I'm not about to go on some rant over what I don't like about this particular group, and I'm
certainly not going to say anything bad about the people that vote this way.
Your vote belongs to you, but it's not who you are.
Truth be told, I'm pretty sure there's plenty of Republicans out there who are feeling the
same way about their own party this year, people who have dedicated their lives to certain values that
are now being thrown under the bus by one Domald Tromp.
So… maybe I should go back and revise that. I'm not writing off the Republican Party, I'm
writing off Tromp.
With Domald leading in the polls, I know that my vote is going to matter a lot this year, but
this raises all kinds of other questions about what I should do with my vote strategically. Personally,
my morals align heavily with the Democrats, but as a small, third party choice, they are never going to
win. If they get above five percent then they'll automatically appear on every ballot four years from
now, which would be a huge accomplishment, but it's not going to stop Tromp.
The Buckaroo Party is obviously the group that is most poised to take on Tromp, and every
time it comes up my friends keep telling me that if I vote for anyone else it's going to be a "wasted
vote".
I'm going to be honest, I'm very conflicted. I feel like the choices are right out there in front
of me, hanging side-by-side on a rack while a massive dragon featuring Tromps gruesome face roars
in the distance. The Buckaroo Party is a massive hanging blade, glistening with magical aura in the
dim light of the dungeon, while the other blades are small and precious, more like daggers than
swords.
Dragon Tromp bellows out a plume of fire towards the sky, still far away but close enough
for me to feel the heat radiating against my skin and smell the haunting scent of burning charcoal in my
nostrils.
I reach out from the Buckaroo Party sword, but it's no longer hanging there before me. I'm
helpless.
Suddenly, I awaken, bursting upright in bed and gasping loudly. My eyes are wild with fear
and it takes me a moment to realize that this horrific decision of weaponry was nothing more than a
terrible nightmare.
"It's Election Day," I murmur aloud to myself.
Knowing that the polls are going to fill up fast, I quickly kick off my blankets and head to the
shower. I wash up swiftly and then throw on some clothes before heading out into the living room and
flipping on the television, trying to get a read on the way things are looking out there across America
as the states begin to send in their results.
Unfortunately, it's too early to know anything yet, but by the time I get back from my local
polling station I'm sure the action will be unfolding.
The talking heads on the screen are already going at it, though, ranting and raving about their
predictions for the future of our nation.
It's hard for me to pull myself away, but I finally manage to remove my eyes from their focus
on the dancing pixels and head for the front door. I'm on a mission now, and nothing can stop me. If
only I knew what that mission was.
The polling station is close enough for me to walk, so I skip the car and instead find myself
strolling through my neighborhood, the crisp October breeze soothing my skin. Things only seem
slightly more active than usual around here, at least for the first ten minutes of my walk, but when I
finally round the corner at the end of the street I find myself face to face with one of the longest lines I
have ever seen.
The staggering snake of voters wraps back and forth across the parking lot of the local rec
center before me, a vision that fills my heart with both pride in the political process, and deep
annoyance. It's still very early in the day, but this is a lot of people, and if I want my vote to count
then I'm going to have to be here for a while.
The voices of my friends who voted early ring out in my ears, echoing on and on while they
make fun of me for wanting to experience this in person. I guess this is what I get for not listening to
them, I think, but then seconds later realize this is exactly what I wanted. Waiting in a long line is all
part of this process, and exercising the right to vote is something that other people have fought much,
much harder for than me.
It's an honor to be here.
Ten minutes go by, however, and by the end of them it feels like not a single person has
moved.
"Has the line been stalled like this the whole time?" I ask the man in front of me.
He turns around and smiles. "It's moving," he replies. "Really slowly, but it's moving."
The guy is much older than me but incredibly handsome, his icy blue eyes piercing though me
in a way that is both intimidating and erotic. "I'm Corbon Yondo, but my friends call me Yondo
Morcho"
"That's an interesting name," I tell him. "I'm Rinron."
Yondo nods. "My dad is a bigfoot," he explains. "That's why I'm voting for the League of
Pacific Northwestern Bigfeet."
I glance around to make sure no one else is listening. "Are you supposed to say that?" I ask
the handsome man. "I thought we weren't allowed to talk about who we're voting for."
Yondo smiles. "First time voting huh?" he questions.
I nod.
"I mean, you're right, I probably shouldn't be talking about it but you seem like a cool guy,"
Yondo explains. "The League is a small party, so I don't blame anyone for voting another way. People
aren't their political party, you know!"
"That's what I always say!" I shout in agreement.
"So who are you voting for?" Yondo asks.
I stand in silence, not having prepared myself for this unexpected question. Obviously, it's
been on my mind for a long time now, but this line was the last place I'd think to be put on the spot.
"I don't know," I finally stammer.
Yondo laughs, clearly thinking that I'm joking with him at first and then suddenly
straightening up when he sees that I'm serious. "How do you not know who you're voting for yet?" he
shouts, then looks back at the line that extends on and on before us. "You've only got like… eight
hours to decide!"
"I know," I admit, shaking my head. "It's just that some people say I should vote with my
heart, and other people say I should vote with my brain."
Yondo nods. "I get it, I get it."
"There's just so much at stake here." I continue. "There are so many parties to chose from,
too! Every time I think I find a party that makes sense to me, I read more into it and realize that there's
other stuff I completely disagree with."
"Like?" questions Yondo.
"Did you know that the Blue Party wants to reverse gravity?" I offer. "Like, I get it, you love
the sky, but we don't all need to literally go up there. Everyone would die!"
My new friend nods. "They have a great tax plan though, even I can admit that."
"Exactly!" I shout as Yondo makes my point for me. "And the Pink Party is the complete
opposite. I love their stance on gravity but their tax plan is terrible."
Yondo nods. "What about the the League of Pacific Northwestern Bigfeet?"
I hesitate. "I'm not trying to start a fight here, but the way they succeeded from the Yetis put a
bad taste in my mouth."
"That's fair, that's fair," Yondo acknowledges begrudgingly.
I let out a long sigh. "I just don't know."
From here our conversation turns to small talk about our plans this week, our jobs, and the
weather. Eventually, even that peters off into silence as the minutes turn into hours that seem to stretch
on and on forever. As our line creeps along I watch the sun make its way slowly across the sky,
shifting from morning, to afternoon and then evening. For a moment I'm actually frightened that the
polls will close, but somehow I manage to finally reach the front of the line.
Yondo and me are inside the building now, finding ourselves at the edge of a basketball court
that has been transformed into a large collection of red white and blue booths. Stars and stripes are
hanging everywhere in celebration of this very patriotic day.
"Good luck," I tell Yondo excitedly as he heads off towards one of the booths.
"Name?" a woman with a clipboard asks me suddenly.
"Rinron Breet" I inform her.
The woman runs her finger down a long list of names until she finds mine, then slashes a line
through it. "Alright, you're all set. Head on over to booth eight."
I nod and continue out into the gym, immediately spotting my booth and the massive red eight
that hangs above it. I pull back the curtain and step inside.
This makeshift room is slightly more spacious than it would seem on the outside, but that is
mostly based on the fact that there's practically nothing inside other than a wall of levers.
The large metallic shafts are equal in size, and each one of them is topped with a colorful
round ball that designates its political party representation.
I let out a long sigh, looking the levers over as I struggle to finally overcome this decision
that has been haunting me so relentlessly. Now the choice is staring me right in the face, but instead of
making itself more apparent, things are just more confusing than ever.
I find myself frozen with fear and anxiety, completely overwhelmed.
"First time huh?" a voice suddenly asks from behind me.
Startled, I turn around expecting to see Yondo smiling back at me but, instead, I am greeted
by a muscular, red white and blue figure that shimmers with ethereal grace.
"I'm the physically manifested concept of Election Day," the muscular man says, extending a
hand, "but you can call me Hub. Everything alright in here?"
"Yeah," I stammer, completely thrown for a loop. I'm not all that surprised to see this
sentient patriotic manifestation (after all, today is Election Day) but I certainly wasn't expecting him
to be this handsome.
The construct of linear time is absolutely gorgeous, twenty-four hours of abs and calves that
are hard to take my eyes off of.
"You seem confused," Hub offers. "I understand your first time can be intimidating, but it's a
very simple process. Just pull the lever for the party you'd like to vote for and you're all finished."
I hesitate. "What if I don't know who I'm going to vote for yet?"
A knowing smile creeps its way across Hub's face. "I think I see what's going on now," the
living representation of this day says. "I can help you with that."
"You can?" I question.
The sentient segment of time nods. "Of course. I'm assuming you've tried following your
heart?"
I let out a long sigh. "Yeah."
"But your brain gets in the way?" Hub continues.
"Yep," I affirm.
"And when you try to vote with your brain, your heart gets in the way?" the handsome
physically manifested concept asks, already knowing the answer.
I nod.
"Have you considered thinking with your butt?" Hub questions.
The second that he says this I feel a faint spark of arousal somewhere deep down within my
stomach, tickling away inside of me as a series of lustful thoughts begin to swirl through my brain.
"I don't know," I stammer, reeling from this newfound arousal that courses through me. "I
could use some help."
Suddenly, Election Day and me are kissing passionately; our bodies pressed together as our
hands explore one another with frantic enthusiasm. The sensation is utterly intoxicating, and I'm
immediately filled with a feverish excitement to perform my duties as a citizen.
I drop down to my knees before this muscular figure and take hold of the enormous erection
that has sprung from his shimmering body. I pump my hand across his length a few times, gazing up at
him with a potent desire in my eyes.
"Teach me," I coo, then open wide and take Election Day's gigantic shaft between my lips.
I pump my head up and down across Hub's pole for a while, savoring the apple pie taste of
his cock and playfully licking his hanging balls. Hub leans his head back and lets out a long satisfied
groan, clearly enjoying himself.
Faster and faster I pull my lips across Hub's rod, my hands now working his balls in time
with my movements until, eventually, I just can't take it anymore and plunge down as far as I possibly
can. Unfortunately, my excitement gets the best of me and the next thing I know I'm pulling back
frantically, gasping for air.
"Relax," Hub offers. "This is not a race."
I collect myself, taking in a deep breath and trying my best to chill out in the face of such a
classic American day. "Alright," I finally say. "Ready."
I open wide yet again, taking Hub's cock down into my throat at a much more practical pace.
I can feel his girthy member slipping deep into my neck, and when it reaches my gag reflex I somehow
relax enough to allow him past.
Soon enough, I find my face pressed hard against Hub's impeccably toned abs. Election Day
places his hands on the back of my head and holds me here for a while, savoring the moment of
complete control and then finally releasing as I gasp for air.
"You're so fucking good," I tell Hub, spit still hanging from my lips. "Now help me think
with my ass."
The physical manifestation of Election Day reaches down with his massive, muscular arms,
then hoists me up and leans me against the wall of the voting booth. He helps me unbuckle my pants
and pulls them down, along with my underwear, to reveal my anxiously waiting rump.
I reach back and give my ass cheek a playful slap, then spread myself open so that the
Election Day can get a good look at my puckered asshole.
"Do it!" I command. "Shove that big fat patriotic cock up my butt!"
Hub steps up behind me and places the head of his enormous shaft against the rim of my
sphincter, teasing my tightness. He pushes in a bit and then pulls back, toying with me just enough to
let the lustful excitement simmer within my heart and butt. Soon enough it's boiling over, the powerful
gay attraction completely overwhelming my senses and consuming my thoughts.
"Fuck me," I beg. "Fuck me up the ass you important democratic moment in our nation's
history!"
Suddenly, Hub moves foreword, not in a belligerent slam but with a strong, swift thrust that
causes me to yelp with both surprised tension and aching pleasure. I had been well aware of Hub's
size when he was fucking my throat, but now that the moment of time is in my ass all bets are off.
Election Day's massive shaft has stretched my limits to their absolute edge, and yet through this
discomfort something incredibly powerful is emerging; beautiful, inspiring pleasure.
"I don't know if I can take all this dick," I groan as Hub pumps rhythmically in and out of my
ass, "but I sure as hell am gonna try!"
Hub slowly picks up speed as he goes, slapping faster and faster against my backside with
every powerful thrust. Every movement that he makes peels away yet another layer of tension until,
eventually, I am swimming in a sea of blinding ecstasy, the first pulses of prostate orgasm surging
their way through my body.
"I can do it!" I scream. "I can choose! I can exercise my right as a citizen of these United
States!"
"I believe in you!" Election Day yells enthusiastically, egging me on.
Harder and harder Hub pounds away at my backside until he is slamming me like a
jackhammer, giving it everything that he's got. As the muscular manifestation fills me with his dick, he
also fills me with a sense of confident patriotism.
I'm just about ready to blow my load when suddenly Hub stops me, pulling out suddenly.
"What the fuck?" I cry. "I was so close."
"You've still gotta decide," Hub informs me.
I smile, realizing my mistake.
The next thing I know, Election Day is spinning me around and lifting me up in his thick,
muscular arms. I wrap my legs around him, kissing the sentient moment in time deeply on the lips
while he reaches back and grabs ahold of my toned ass.
Hub slowly lowers me down onto his enormous cock yet again, careful to align his giant rod
with my reamed back door yet again. I let out a long, satisfied groan as Election Day's enormous
member enters me, impaling my body onto his entire length.
Once more, Hub starts to pump in and out, using the force of gravity to guide me across his
massive shaft in a brutal repetition.
"Close your eyes," the living day tells me. "Close your eyes and focus on your vote."
I do as I'm told, giving in completely to the incredible sensations that surge through my body.
In my mind I can see all of the political parties cycling past, appearing and disappearing into a
strange haze of democracy.
"Are you focused?" Hub asks me.
I nod.
Suddenly we are moving over towards the array of levers, my ass now hovering over them
dramatically while Election Day continues to ram me from below.
"One of these levers is the choice for you," explains Hub. "You need to let your ass decide."
"Do it!" I command, focusing as hard as I can.
Moments later, Hub is dropping me down onto one of the levers. His cock is still deep inside
me, of course, meaning that there is little room to spare, but we somehow make it work. I can feel the
rim of my butthole stretching out even farther than before, struggling to accommodate the enormous
voting lever behind me and then suddenly popping inside.
"Fuck!" I scream, not quite prepared for this hedonistic dual invasion.
The next thing I know, Hub is double fucking me with his dick and this girthy lever, pounding
away at my asshole in a way that I would've never imagined possible. I am completely full and
politically satisfied. I still have no idea what my choice is, but I'm confident it's the right one.
"Oh my god," I start to groan, my eyes rolling back into my head as Election Day continues
to throttle me, his dick banging hard against my prostate. "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum so fucking
hard!"
I reach down with one hand and begin to beat myself off furiously, edging closer and closer
to the most powerful orgasm of my life when suddenly it hits me hard. I throw my head back and let
out of howl of pleasure, jizz erupting from my shaft while every muscle contracts. I feel as though I've
somehow left my body, hovering overhead and looking down at the voting booth below.
Following a similar timeline, Hub slams deep within me and holds. The physically
manifested day suddenly explodes with a massive payload of jizz, filling me up completely and then
squirting hard from the plugged edges of my tightness. I can cum dripping out onto the ground below,
and when Hub finally removes himself and the lever, a whole torrent of pearly spunk comes tumbling
after.
I stagger back, trying to collect myself after such a powerful experience, and Hub catches me
with his big strong arms.
"You did it," my handsome lover says proudly. "You made your choice."
"Who did I pick?" I ask.
"Why don't you take a look?" Hub offers, nodding towards the panel of levers.
I slowly turn around, and then grin wide as I discover my cum covered selection. "I'm happy
with that," I confirm.
"You should be," Election Day affirms. "I know that it was a hard choice to make, but the
effort is worth it."
"I'll say," I tell Hub with a smile.
Suddenly, our eyes meet and a moment of sadness washes through me. I realize now that our
time as man and sentient period of time has come to an end. I won't be seeing Election Day for quite a
while.
Without a word, I wrap my arms around Hub and pull him close, savoring what little time we
have left. The muscular living idea is warm and inviting, that same smell of warm apple pie still
filling me with a strange, potent longing. I wish I could just stay here forever.
"I love you," I tell Election Day.
"I love you, too," Hub says in return.
We stand like this for a long while, unsure of what to say until I finally pull back. "I guess I
better get going then.
Hub looks confused. "Going? What do you mean?"
"I'm done, aren't I?" I question.
Election Day laughs. "Don't forget, there are plenty of other things that need voting for! State
representative! Mayor! Some referendums!"
I'd completely forgotten, so consumed by arousal that even my status as a political junkie
had faltered. "How many more things are on the ballot?" I question, biting my lip playfully as a
devious look fills my eyes.
Hub smirks. "About twenty items or so… I can stick around and help you decide more of
them if you'd like."