When it rains, it pours, at least that's what they say. In times of drought, however, it can be easy to
forget the storms of the past.
Of course, I'm not talking about the literal rain, it's a metaphor, which I'd like to believe
I've got something of a talent for as one of the world's leading authors in the realm of gay erotica. The
quote may be overused, but as I watch the social media notifications roll in I really can't think of any
better way to put it. The comments scroll downward for what seems like forever, one after another as
strangers from across the globe praise my new erotica short "Pounded By The Pound: Turned Gay By
The Socioeconomic Implications Of Britain Leaving The European Union."
Looking back on the lean times, it's hard to believe that things could shift so greatly with a
single publication, but here we are in the downpour and I'm suddenly completely overwhelmed.
Interview requests are coming in left and right, filling my inbox to the brim as I struggle to find the
time to field them all.
Not only that, but the pressure for a good follow-up is mounting, something that can match or
even supersede the success of this runaway hit. Unfortunately, I'm drawing a blank as far as
ideas go.
I stand up from my computer and grab my coat, heading out into the cool evening air of
Billings, Montana, my hometown. This is the best way to get my mind working, and if I want to find
myself a good follow-up then I'd better start looking.
I walk down the front steps and take a left, tracing the sidewalk through the suburban street
and down around the corner, traversing what feels like a never ending cascade of bright green lawns.
Farther down is one of the main roads, and on the corner rests a small collection of businesses,
including the local coffee shop that I often frequent. I head inside.
"Hey there!" my favorite barista, Sam, calls out from behind the counter as I enter. "What's
going on, Buck?"
"Oh nothing," I tell him, strolling up. "Just trying to figure out what to write next."
Sam smiles and grabs a cup, immediately getting to work with fixing me my usual order, an
ice-cold chocolate milk. "Yeah, I saw you've been getting a lot of press with that new one about the
whole Brexit thing, right?"
I nod. "A few people have picked it up."
"It was in the Billings Herald this morning!" Sam gushes, "That's a big deal!"
I chuckle to myself. "Don't forget Buzzfood and The Hubbington Post. Even viral video stuff
is going great, I'm sure that guy who does Mark Reads Stuff is already making a video where he
recites it to a crowded convention room."
"He's probably literally doing it right now," Sam offers with a playful smirk. "So what's the
problem?"
"The problem is what to do next," I tell him.
Sam rolls his eyes. "That's not a bad problem to have, Buck," he tells me.
"I know, I know," I offer.
The handsome barista finally finishes making the chocolate milk and hands it to me. "No
charge."
I try to insist but Sam doesn't let me, instead turning to the next customer in line. I push a few
dollars into the tip jar instead, then take my drink and head back out onto the street.
The walk home is just as pleasant as the first, although the sun has finally dipped entirely
behind the horizon now. Dogs are barking in the distance as automatic sprinklers begin to turn on, the
perfect Billings neighborhood nightfall.
When I reach the house once again I realize suddenly that I haven't checked the mail today,
stopping out front and pulling open the mailbox. Of course, on such a typical evening I expect the
typical assortment of bills and random newspaper ads, but instead I am greeted by a large pink
envelope.
I pull out the envelope and inspect it, finding nothing other than the name "Buck Trungle"
scrawled across the front. Upon opening the mysterious letter, glitter flies everywhere, scattering
across the grass below. There is a card inside that has been cut into the shape of a large heart.
I open up the card and begin to read. "Buck, I hope this finds you well. In case it wasn't
already obvious, I love you very much and would like to spend as much time with you as possible.
However, it's getting to the point that I should start making my exit. I'll be honest, though, I just don't
want to go. Instead of leaving, I was hoping that we could meet up for dinner and see if there's a way
we can take this relationship to the next level. Love, the physical manifestation of the substantial
press generated by your new book Pounded By The Pound: Turned Gay By The Socioeconomic
Implications Of Britain Leaving The European Union."
I let out a long sigh, not sure what to think of this achingly poetic letter. On one hand, it could
be the answer to all of my problems. After all, who needs to write a new book when you can just ride
out all the press that you can for this current one? At the same time, I'm not sure if I'm looking for
something as serious as what I think this manifested idea is looking for. The last thing I want to be
doing right now is breaking any hearts.
At the bottom of the card is a phone number.
I hesitate for a moment, then finally pull out my phone and dial. The line only rings once.
"Buck?" comes a sudden voice on the other end of the line. It's deep and soulful, like smooth
velvet as it flows across my ears for the first time.
"Hey," I offer. "Is this my good press?"
"Substantial press," the sentient manifestation corrects me. "Not necessarily good."
"Oh, I'm sorry," I apologize.
"It's fine," comes the deep voice. "Yeah, it's me."
"I just got your letter," I explain. "I'd like to meet up."
Suddenly, there is a loud roar as a car down the street comes to life, illuminating the scene in
the eerie glow of its headlights. Slowly, the vehicle begins to creep down the block towards me until
it is right up beside the mailbox. The black car stops here abruptly, and the window rolls down.
"Get in," the voice on the phone commands.
Not knowing what else to do, I hang up and then carefully open the door of the eerie black
town car, slipping inside and closing the door behind me. There is a partition separating the back
from the front and it is cracked slightly, allowing my new companion to shout up to the driver.
"The Grand Billings Hotel," the mysterious figure commands.
The driver nods and then rolls up the partition quickly before pulling out onto the street,
leaving me and this strange presence to ourselves.
I use the word presence with great purpose, as the being sitting next to me is not exactly a
complete physical form. Instead, he appears to be a swirling mass of newspaper articles and blog
posts, constantly collapsing in on itself like a strange, human-shaped wormhole of chattering
podcasters and lengthy think pieces. The sight of him is slightly overwhelming at first, but I'd be lying
if I didn't say the guy was handsome.
"I'm Buck Trungle," I tell the physically manifested press for my new book.
"I know you are," says the swirling mass of reviews and one-hundred-and-forty-character
opinions. "I'm Korm Stalls, but you probably know me as the substantial amount of press for your
new book ‘Pounded By The Pound'"
"It's so nice to meet you," I tell my press, reaching out and trying to shake his hand.
"Oh no you don't, we're huggers here," counters Korm, opening his arms wide and pulling
me towards him.
I'm immediately overwhelmed by warmth and security, blown away by just how at home I
feel within this sentient marketing concept's warm embrace. Being pressed up against him like this, I
can finally tell just how muscular and ripped this strange manifestation really is.
"The Grand Billings Hotel?" I question as I finally pull away. "That's fancy, are we getting
dinner?"
"I hoped we could," replys Korm.
I have to admit, it's a little strange being accosted by my own press like this, but there is
something oddly charming about the guy. As stated in the letter, he clearly likes me, and I'm beginning
to think that the feeling could be mutual.
"I'd like that," I say with a smile.
When we finally arrive at the hotel, the tension between me and my substantial press has
escalated significantly, hovering right there at the edge of it's breaking point. What lies beyond? I'm
not exactly sure, but I'm excited to find out.
We head inside and take the elevator up to the top floor of the hotel, which opens onto a
fancy rooftop bar and restaurant overlooking the entire city of Billings.
"Wow," I gush, "this is beautiful."
"A beautiful place for a beautiful man," says the press, laying it on thick.
I can't help but blush, suddenly finding myself at a loss for words. Luckily, our host comes
by to intervene, leading us over to a table at the edge of the patio with a brilliant view. We take our
seats.
"So, what do you want?" I finally ask Korm, cutting to the chase. "Do you really want to take
things to the next level or is this a break up?"
Korm laughs. "What? No. Why would it be a break up?"
"Because it's about that time," I admit. "These days the press cycles are quick, all it takes is
for someone to upload a video of a skydiving dog or something, and then you're yesterday's news."
Korm nods in understanding, clearly troubled by this. Finally, he speaks. "Listen, I'm not
going to break up with you if I don't have to," the physically manifested concept admits. "In fact, I'm
here to do the opposite. I really like you Buck, you're cool and funny and edgy. I know that this is
where the press cycle typically ends but, honestly, I'm just not ready to say goodbye."
"I'm not either," I admit, my eyes locked deep within this strange swirling mass. "So what
do we do? I'm working on a follow-up but I haven't thought of anything concrete yet."
"That's the problem," Korm begins. "Even a follow-up won't help to keep me around
because then everyone's going to be talking about the next book instead. It won't be my press, it's
going to belong to some other, younger, hotter story. Sure, I'll get a few mentions here and there, but it
just won't be the same."
"I'm sorry," I tell him, genuinely heartbroken. The arrow of time can be ruthless, moving
forward even though you're never quite ready for it. As with all things in life, my press cycle is
marked with a finite beginning and end.
"There is one way…" Korm finally says mysteriously.
"Yeah?"
"Your meta books sell quite well, don't they?" the sentient idea questions, clearly already
knowing the answer.
"Of course," I reply.
"Then continue the story," my substantial amount of press says, "turn me into one of those
books by writing the next chapter."
"Like a sequel?" I question.
Korm shake his head. "Like a spin off, but meta. Expand your vision on what exactly that
book can be."
I laugh. "I'm sorry, but this is all very strange, I'm not sure if I can do this."
"You already are," offers my living press cycle.
"What do you mean by that?" I question, confused.
Korm throws out his hands wide. "Look around you! This is as meta as it gets! We're already
continuing the story and you are the one who's writing it!"
I look down at the table in front of me. There is no pen or paper, no laptop to type on or
notebook to scribble things down.
"No, no," continues Korm. "You're just a representation of the author, the real author is
describing all of this right now. In fact, he's putting these words into my mouth."
"I'm not the real author?" I ask, my heart sinking.
"Well, that depends on how you define real," explains Korm. "You really exist in this layer
of The Tingleverse, and in the imagination of the readers. That's a very important thing, and just
because you're not on the top layer doesn't mean that you should feel like any less of a person."
"But I am less of a person!" I cry out, feeling a surge of desperation wash though me. "I'm
a… I'm a… representation!"
"Of a real man," Korm reminds me. "You're based on Chuck."
"Who the fuck is Chuck?!" I yell.
Korm let's out a long sigh. "I feel like I'm explaining this every other day now. This meta
stuff can get kind of exhausting."
"Are we being written?" I ask in a panic, suddenly truly grappling with the reality that all of
this could be nothing more than a collection of words on a page. Anxiety surges through me, my
breathing heavy and my eyes darting around the room.
"Calm down, calm down," Korm warns. "It's not that bad. We're accomplishing our goal,
after all!"
I take a deep breath as a waiter emerges from behind me, hurrying over to our table to
investigate the commotion.
"Is everything alright?" the waiter asks.
"I'm sorry," my sentient press cycle apologizes, waving away the man's concerns. "Buck
here just realized he's actually a character in a book designed to capitalize on the success of a
previous book."
The waiter nods in understanding. "That's a hard pill to swallow. Chin up though, not all
sequels are bad, just look at Buttanator Two: Judgment Gay."
"The Empire Pounds Back," Korm offers.
"The Buttfather: Part Two," the waiter continues.
I have to interject. "Those are all sequels, not meta spin offs."
"Asses Eleven?" the waiter suggests.
I shake my head. "A remake isn't the same thing."
"Regardless," Korm announces, "it's been a big night for us. We're sorry for being loud."
The waiter smiles. "Hey, I get it. When I realized I was just a character in a Chuck Tingle
book I was depressed for like, four paragraphs. I finally got over it, though. There are certainly worse
books to be in. You could be trapped in a story by Voxman and end up spouting racist, homophobic
things for all eternity under the guise of being edgy and smart, hating yourself and crying about it like
a lonesome manbaby."
"Or get lost in the maze of words that Johnny Right tries to call a paragraph," Korm offers.
"Who are these people?" I question.
"Exactly," Korm says with a nod.
The waiter hesitates for a moment, not sure if he should continue and then finally speaking
up. "Hey, I know this might seem like it's a little presumptuous, but we're about two-thousand and
five hundred words in by now. Do you guys want me to clear this place out so you can get to the
pounding already?"
My manifested living press glances over at me, a twinkle in his eye.
Of course, my first reaction is to give pause, but as I gaze back at this incredible living
concept I can't help but find myself incredibly turned on, aching with desire for the handsome press
cycle.
"Yes," I finally say, the single word falling out of my mouth in a near whisper.
"Very well," says the waiter.
Almost immediately, the rest of the patrons stand up and begin making there way to the door.
They are trying to seem natural, chatting and laughing as they go, but there is something about it that is
nothing short of awkward; too abrupt to make any logical sense.
The waiter follows closely behind and the next thing I know me and Korm find ourselves on
the rooftop alone, an expansive view of downtown Billings stretching out before us.
Pulled by some powerful erotic force, I stand up from my chair and saunter over to my living
press, leaning down and kissing him deeply on his ever-changing lips. A shock of arousal shoots
down my spine, as if I wasn't already turned on enough, and the next thing I know I am sinking lower
and lower across Korm's body until I am kneeling before him.
I look up to see that a long, fleshy rod has grown out from the front of his swirling mass,
projecting towards me with its impressive size.
"You're so huge," I tell Korm.
"What can I say," offers the manifested idea with a chuckle. "I told you I was substantial."
Without another moment of hesitation I open wide and take his shaft into my mouth,
swallowing the press as far as I can and then stopping as his length reaches my gag reflex. I waver
here for a moment, struggling to consume his outrageous size until finally giving up and pulling back
with a gasp.
"One more try," I beg. "I want to make this the best meta spin off it can possibly be."
"You're already amazing," Korm assures me.
"Just wait," I tell him with a wink, then take his rod once more between my lips.
This time I somehow manage to relax and push his entire cock down my throat, consuming
him to the base and holding there for as long as I can possibly take. I look up at Korm playfully,
savoring every moment of this ravenous power play as he holds me against his rock hard abs.
Finally, once I've just about run out of air, I pull back and collect myself. I beat my press off
for a moment, using my spit as lube while I run my firm grip up and down across the length of his
physically manifested cock.
The press for my book "Pounded By The Pound: Turned Gay By The Socioeconomic
Implications Of Britain Leaving The European Union," throws his head back and lets out a long,
satisfied moan. He's moving his hips slightly, clearly craving more than just the sensation of my hand
across his shaft.
And more is exactly what he's about to get.
I stand up and walk over to the edge of the rooftop, stripping off my shirt and pants as I go
and throwing them to the side. My briefs come next, and soon enough I am standing with my arms
against the railing, my ass popped out cutely behind me as I tempt the fawning press with my muscular
rump.
"Get over here and show me what bad, bad, press you can be," I tell him.
"There's no such thing as bad press," Korm offers, standing up and strutting over to me.
I tremble as I sense his hulking frame behind, his hands caressing my back and then drifting
lower and lower until they reach my rear. I can feel him aligning the head of his massive shaft with
my back door, teasing the limits of my anal rim.
"Do it," I beg. "Fuck me right here, high above the streets of Billings!"
The press suddenly thrusts into me with a long firm pound, sending a shockwave of both
pleasure and discomfort through my body. I knew Korm was well endowed, but I wasn't completely
prepared for his size to enter me anally. I am completely stretched to the limit, my sphincter pulled as
tight as it can possibly go as the cock pulses in and out of my body.
Korm is a gentleman though, moving slowly at first as he allows my asshole to adjust to his
girth. Eventually I begin to relax, allowing him to reach a greater and greater speed as the discomfort
evolves into something wild and untamable, an aching indulgence unlike anything that I have ever
experienced.
"Oh my god, oh my god," I start to chant, bracing myself against the railing as my mantra
drifts down across the city below. "You're so good at fucking my tight little author asshole!"
The press doesn't let up for a second, giving it to me with everything that they've got as the
love and admiration flows between us. It's a beautiful, symbiotic pound, both a delicate dance and an
uninhibited fuckfest.
I reach down between my legs and grab ahold of my hanging cock, pumping my fist along it
at the speed of the slams up my butthole. By now the sensations that flow through me are completely
overwhelming, the first blossoms of prostate orgasm beginning to spring up from deep within my soul.
"Pound me!" I scream. "Harder!"
Korm has me right on the edge of cumming but then, suddenly, pulls out and turns me around.
He kisses me deeply on the lips, as if to make up for the abrupt change of plans, and then begins to
pull me over to the dinner table that we had once been sitting at.
"Lie down," the sentient manifestation of my own press instructs. I do as I'm told, turning
around and settling back onto the small wooden platform. I spread my legs and expose my body to the
incredible manifested concept, watching with lustful hunger as he approaches and aligns his cock
with my butthole yet again.
This time Korm wastes no time getting to work within my asshole, slamming forward and
pummeling my depths with a powerful ferocity. With every pound against my ass, my legs bounce
wildly in the air, held back by Korm's muscular arms. My cock bounces in the air as well, and soon
enough I find myself reaching down with one hand to stroke off yet again.
"Oh my god," I cry out. "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!"
The sensation of pleasure has boiled up so high within me that there is finally nowhere else
for it to go, and suddenly blissful waves are exploding out across my body, filling me with an erotic
warmth unlike anything I have ever experienced. Blast after blast of hot pearly semen is erupting from
the head of my shaft, rope after rope of the milky liquid covering my own abs. I clench my teeth
tightly, hissing through them until finally the sound evolves into a howl at the Billings moon above.
"Me too, me too," the living manifestation on my own book's press is suddenly chanting. He
thrusts forward and holds tightly within my rectum, ejecting out a hot load of his own.
I can feel the jizz filling me, pumping my body full of his sticky seed until there's not enough
room left and it comes spilling out from the rim of my butthole. It runs down the crack of my ass and
onto the table below, and when my handsome lover finally pulls out the rest of the spunk comes
flowing after him.
"That was amazing," I finally tell my press, sitting up and wrapping my arms around Korm.
"No, you're amazing," the press says, kissing me deeply on the lips.
"I don't want this to ever end," I admit. "I love you, I love the feelings that you give me when
we're together."
"Maybe now it doesn't have to end," Korm tells me. "Hopefully, I can talk about this book
and we can spend just a little more time together."
I let out a long sigh. "And what if nobody cares?"
Korm shurgs. "Doesn't matter. We shared this moment together and it was beautiful. If it ends
then it ends. Besides, there are always going to be more books to write."
"I know," I tell my manifested sentient press, snuggling into him even deeper.
The two of us look out across the twinkling lights below, taking it all in as the cool air drifts
pleasantly across our exposed skin. I've never felt more at home then I do in this moment, but I'm also
keenly aware that, no matter how hard I try to stretch it out, all press cycles must eventually come to
an end.
"Thank you," I tell Korm. "No matter what happens, I just want you to know that I appreciate
you."
"I appreciate you, too," the manifested idea says.
Across the city I can see the distant mountains beginning to glow with a strange light, the
edges of this story disappearing into the ether as the reader moves on. There are only a few words left
before this moment ends and we disappear. Beyond the mountains I can see people sitting in chairs,
watching us with rapt attention and enthusiasm.
"Who are they?" I question.
"That guy Mark is doing a live read of this very book," Korm explains. "Those are the
people at the convention who are listening to him."
Suddenly, I'm hit with an incredible realization. "You mean, he's going to put the video of
his reading online?"
"Probably," Korm confirms.
"So, even if the book ends, this live reading will go on and on forever," I continue.
"I mean, yeah," replies my handsome living press. "Plus, people can reread the book or give
it to a friend. Eventually there will probably be an audiobook."
"That's… beautiful," I offer, coming to terms with my own existence just as the story ends. I
drift peacefully away as the crowd at the live reading bursts into uproarious applause.