"What in the hell is this?" I ask aloud, the words simply falling out of my mouth as a photo fills my
screen. I'm on some liberal news website that I normally wouldn't be caught dead on, but a friend of
a friend emailed me the link.
I try desperately to make sense on what I'm seeing, because all that I can gather from this
photo is a sexy, majestic unicorn looks ready to party. It's clearly a picture from some Hollywood
photo shoot, which normally wouldn't rev me up on principal alone, but even I have to admit that this
horned beast is absolutely gorgeous.
After ogling the unicorn for a bit, I click back to the email and make sure I've followed the
correct link, reading the message aloud. "You won't believe what Bort Jenkins looks like now." The
message reads. "This is so wrong."
I shake my head. Clearly, the friend who sent me this made a big mistake because the photo in
question is definitely not of Bort Jenkins, tyrannosaurus athlete and star of the hit reality TV show,
Borting Up With The Dinosaurs.
Instead, my buddy sent me the link to a sweet and sassy unicorn princess, and I can't say that
I'm disappointed.
"God damn, you're a fine looking little piece of ass aren't you?" I groan, leaning back into
my chair and unzipping my pants, excited to beat one out before the old battle axe gets home.
Unfortunately, I get no more than two strokes in before that's exactly what happens.
"Carl!" My wife screams from outside the apartment, her shrill voice sending a sharp chill
down my spine.
I immediately zip up my pants and jump to my feet, closing down the computer and walking
over to the front door. I pull it open.
"Why the fuck is the door locked?" My wife screeches, pushing past me and almost knocking
me over with her incredible size. She's holding a grocery bag in each hand, each of them seemingly
overflowing with beer.
My wife sets the bags down on the kitchen table and then pulls out a tabloid magazine from
one of the bags. "Did you see this?" She asks, thrusting the magazine into my face.
"Bambam." I say, trying to calm her down. "Chill."
"You expect me to chill when this kind of sinful behavior is being peddled to our kids?"
Bambam screams.
"We don't have kids." I tell her, calmly.
"But if we did." My wife protests. "This is the kind of freak show the media would be
rolling out for them."
I finally take the magazine from my wife's hands and look at the photo on the front, freezing
abruptly as the image hits my eyes. It's the same painfully sexy unicorn that I had been beating off to
just moments before.
"What is this?" I ask, suddenly very concerned.
"Bort Jenkins." Bambam tells me.
I stare at the magazine cover for a while and then look back into my wife's eyes, trying to
figure out if she's joking or not.
"From that reality show?" I ask. "I don't think so."
"Honey." My wife says, taking the magazine out of my hands and holding it up to my face
once more so I can get a really good look. She puts one of her chubby, long nailed fingers on the
cover and taps it repeatedly. "This is Bort Jenkins now."
I can't help but laugh. "Bort Jenkins is a dinosaur, though."
"Not anymore." Bambam tells me.
There's something about the look in my wife's eyes that finally convinces me she's no longer
joking, and as I glance back at the magazine one final time my blood runs cold. All of the pieces of
the puzzle suddenly begin falling into place, swirling through my brain like a vicious tornado until
eventually there is just nowhere else to run.
"He had a unichange." Bambam says, disgusted. "He's a unicorn now."
The words hit me like a punch in the gut, causing me to almost double over completely with
their devastating force. I feel sick to my stomach as visions of the last ten minutes wash over me in
brutal waves, particularly the part where I was pleasuring myself to the images of who I know is
Bort. At first I try to desperately convince myself that I had never seen him as an attractive mystical
creature, somehow knowing deep down inside that a vicious T-Rex lurked within. Despite my best
efforts, though, I just can't do it. I know the truth of my actions.
"Sickening, right?" My wife says, not quite understanding the blank look on my face as my
skin goes pale.
I nod. "Just terrible."
I stumble a little, almost losing my footing and then catching myself. "I think I need to get
some fresh air." I blurt, staggering towards the door of our apartment.
"You don't want any dinner?" My wife asks.
"Maybe in a bit, I just…" I stammer, not knowing exactly what to say. I throw open the door
and step outside, looking back at Bambam. "I just need a little time to myself, that's all."
I close the door behind me and, almost immediately, my wife starts screaming like a vicious
dog whose been tied up too tight. Her words are almost incoherent, a stream of belligerence that I
can't even begin to decipher. I stumble away quickly down the front walk, trying to put as much
distance between me and her as possible, should she come stumbling out after me.
Soon, I'm walking down the side of the road, my legs carrying me wherever they want to go
as my mind travels to all of its darkest corners imaginable. There's no denying it now, I was attracted
to a unicorn that started as a dinosaur.
The admission fills me with so much dread and rage that I actually have to stop for a moment
and find my way over into a nearby ditch, vomiting profusely as the cars continue to stream by.
Someone honks loudly as they pass, probably mistaking me for a drunk, and I angrily flip them off as
they disappear into the distance.
How could this have happened to me? A red blooded American male, I've loved unicorn's
since the day I was born; their long, flowing manes, their sturdy, powerful hooves, and last but not
least their shiny ivory horns that twist up towards the sun in a perfect spiral of beauty.
In fact, just thinking about them right now turns me on enough to develop a hearty, half-
chubbed erection.
But Bort Jenkins was no unicorn, he was an abomination. I'm straight as an arrow, never once
finding a dinosaur to be sexually attractive in any way. Sure, some of the football playing raptors on
TV had impressive bodies, but if I'm looking to get myself off I'd much rather tune into the Unicorn
Football League.
I suddenly shudder just thinking about the UFL, remember that they had recently allowed their
first human player. What is this world coming to?
I fall to my knees on the side of the road and look up towards the sky, praying that god is
looking down on me and listening. "What is wrong with me?" I cry out, my body filled with
excruciating pain and overwhelming depression. "I'm not dinosexual! I'm not dinosexual!"
Not knowing what else to do, I let my head fall into my hands and begin to cry, the tears
pouring down my face as a realize that I've become my own worst nightmare. I think back with pride
to all the time's that I had bullied dinosexuals as a child, or posted hateful comments about them
online. I used to be so cool, and now I'm just as bad as they are.
After kneeling here for some time I finally lift my head up, my gaze stopping on a bright neon
sign that flickers just across the road from me in golden yellow. It's the local unicorn strip club, and
never have I been more thankful for it's presence.
I climb to my feet and immediately head across the parking lot towards the blacked out front
doors, ready to prove that I'm a real man who wants to bone hot unicorns, and only hot unicorns.
I practically kick open the doors as I reach them, flashing the bouncer my ID and then
immediately taking a seat at the very front of the stage.
"Alright!" Slams a booming voice over the club's loudspeaker. "Our next dancer comes to
you all the way from Tennessee. He's a rootin' tootin' cowboy named Dasher and he's ready to clop
his way into your heart. Everyone give it up for the one… the only… Dasher Sprinkles!"
Seconds later the most incredible, muscular unicorn I have ever seen steps out into the stage,
dressed up to the nines in a very slutty little cowboy outfit that he immediately get's to work stripping
out of. The whole world around me seems to stop as Dasher work's his magic, clopping back and
forth and then eventually taking a few spins around the pole.
Several other men quickly join me at the front of the stage and soon enough the money is
raining down onto the gorgeous young dancer. Dasher is loving every second of it, putting on a show
like nothing I've ever seen.
Yet somehow, I'm not getting hard.
I look down towards my cock, which rests just behind a thin layer of fabric within my pants.
"Come on." I coax. "You love this shit, bro."
My dick doesn't move a muscle, absolutely refusing to affirm my strong attraction to the
handsome unicorn.
"Come on." I coax, beads of sweat forming on my forehead as the anxiety continues to
blossom within me. "Come on."
I suddenly feel a twitch of something lustful in my groin but before it can get any further the
song ends and Dasher begins to collect his money from the stage.
"Wait!" I shout frantically, suddenly right back where I started. "Don't go!"
Despite all of the chatter around us, Dasher hears me and looks up from his bouquet of dollar
bills. "You want a private dance, baby?" The unicorn asks.
"Yes." I nod frantically. "Please."
The next thing I know, Dasher Sprinkles has taken my hand in his hoof and is leading me
across the strip club to a curtained off back room. I follow him excitedly, my heart pounding hard
within my chest.
"Why don't you just have a seat?" Dasher offers once we're all alone, leading me over to a
red velvet couch and then closing the curtains behind us.
The unicorn immediately gets to work swaying his hips back and forth, his muscular body
entrancing me more and more with every movement.
"God damn, you look so good." I say, unable to contain my excitement.
"Oh yeah?" The unicorn coos. "You really think so?"
"I know so." I tell him. "I'm not some dinosaur lover or anything like that. I know good
unicorn tail when I see it."
The dancer freezes suddenly, stopping abruptly as my words hit his ears. "What did you
say?" Dasher questions.
"Oh, I just meant that I'm not some dinochaser." I say. "I'm a man's man, you know?"
The look of the unicorns face changes slightly, his once joyful expression transforming to one
of contempt and utter disappointment. "So real men don't like dinosaurs?" The unicorn asks.
"Well, yeah." I stammer, not exactly sure what I should say or why this dancer is getting so
upset with me.
Suddenly, an perfect example dawns on me. "Like Bort Jenkins, right? He was born as a
dinosaur, that's the way that god mad him and he should just stay that way! It's the natural order of
things."
Dasher shakes his head. "You're disgusting. Get out."
"What?" I shout, standing up. "I'm giving you a fucking compliment here."
"You honestly think you have the right to tell Bort Jenkins, or any other dinosaur for that
matter, what they're allowed to do with their own bodies?" The now furious unicorn dancer yells as
bouncers start approaching from either side. "What fucking right do you have?"
The massive bouncers grab me by either arm and I immediately struggle against them, enraged
by the way this plan is turning out.
"What are you asking?" I scream at the unicorn dancer as the bouncers pick me up and start
carrying me towards the door. "Are you asking if I hate dinosaurs that become unicorns? Well the
answer is yes! Yes I do!"
The entire strip club starts booing me, a few patrons actually helping to clear the way as the
bouncers carry me out.
The next thing I know, the front door of the club opens and I'm being thrown through the air,
hurtling several feet before slamming hard onto the pavement and rolling end over end. I tumble for a
while and then eventually come to rest, bloody and bruised, while the club door slams shut behind
me.
"Dinosaurs are dinosaurs! Unicorns are unicorns!" I scream out into the night. "Deal with
it!"
It takes a few minutes but eventually I manage to drag myself to my feet and begin the defeated
walk back home to the apartment. It's late now, and very few cars continue up and down the road.
Instead of rumbling engines, my senses are overwhelmed by the chirping crickets who call out from
somewhere deep inside the nearby forest.
"I should probably cut through." I think to myself, realizing now just how long I've been
gone. My wife is going to kill me when I get home and, as much as I dread returning, the sooner I get
there the better.
I immediately veer off of the road and into the word, muttering to myself under my breath as
though anything I say could possibly change the fact that I had, just moments before, thought a dinosaur
was attractive enough to jerk off to.
The trees grown thicker and thicker around me as I continue deeper still, and eventually the
moon above is blocked out by the crisscross of gnarled branches that hang above.
"Carl." A voice suddenly moans. I stop and immediately turn around to look behind me.
There's nothing there.
"Hello?" I call out, my voice bouncing back to me across the assortment of twisting trees.
Eventually, I begin walking again, but it's not long before I hear the voice for a second time. I
spin back around, once more greeted by absolutely nothing.
"You don't want to mess with me tonight!" I call out into the dark woods. "Don't fuck with
me ‘cause I ain't scared."
"Not scared?" I voice suddenly asks.
I spin and nearly fall over backwards in shock at what I see. There, hovering before me, is a
massive, misty apparition in the shape of a face. It floats menacingly, it's form changing and shifting
slightly in the wind but, for the most part, retaining the look of an enormous hollow skull with ghostly
nude bodies flowing through it. I lean in closer to see that the muscular bodies within this thing's
ethereal form belong to dinosaurs.
"What are you?" I ask, my voice trembling.
The skull laughs. "You already know the answer to that one, Carl, you just can't accept it
yet?"
I shake my head. "I don't know what you're talking about."
"Do you know why you're so afraid of Bort Jenkins?" The skull asks me.
"I'm not afraid of Bort Jenkins." I counter. "I'm angry at the example he sets!"
"A lot of the time anger is just fear in disguise." The skull explains. "This is one of those
times."
I shake my head, not wanting to accept the words that are being thrown my way. "Fuck that, I
don't want to hear this." I say.
"I know, I know." Chuckles the hazy skull. "But I'm not going to go away anytime soon
because I'm a part of you, Carl. You might as well just deal with your feelings right here and now."
"What feelings?" I scream at the appreciation, fed up.
"The fact that you're attracted to a unicorn who was once a dinosaur makes you question your
own sexuality." Explains the skull. "And the only way for you to deal with that is to say that there's
something wrong with the unicorn, when in fact the only person with a problem is you."
"No! No! No!" I shout, putting my hands over my ears as I fall to my knees. "You're lying!
This is just a dinosaur trick!"
"Afraid not." Says the skull. "And while we're at it, I guess you should know that you're a
repressed homosexual, too."
Suddenly, the skull has gone a little too far for any of this be believable. I crack a smile and
stand back up. "You had me going there for a minute, but the gay thing is just a little too much."
"You we're just at a bar full of male strippers." The skull says flatly.
"Male unicorn strippers." I explain. "Big difference."
The skull shakes from side to side mid air. "There's no difference, Carl."
His words repeat over and over again within my head, bouncing around in an endless loop
that seems to drift deeper and deeper into the most hidden parts of my soul. Eventually, I can't hear
anything else. Tears begin to well up in my eyes, my emotions suddenly too overwhelming to contain
within my body.
"Oh my god." I stammer, the entire universe suddenly opening up before me in a blast of
cathartic realization. "I hate Bort Jenkins because I'm jealous of him. He's so open with his
sexuality while I keep mine pushed deep down inside, hidden away."
The skull nods. "That's correct."
"I don't want to hide anymore." I say. "Like you said, there's no difference."
"It's all love." The skull agrees.
"I'm gay." I say, the words fulling my soul with beautiful warmth. "I like unicorns… and
dinosaurs."
Suddenly, the misty skull is swirling around me, enveloping me in its sensual touch. I close
my eyes and let out a soft moan, reeling from the sensation of being held by a personified version of
my own repressed sexual identity.
"I want you." I say. "I want to be who I'm supposed to be."
The mist begins to take shape around me, forming personified manifestations of my latent
gayness. I have to admit, they look good; hunky ethereal men with absolutely massive erections
projecting out from their bodies.
I look down and suddenly realize that, I too, am hard. After all of this effort, nothing was
more arousing than losing my own sexual inhibitions.
Finally, I just can't take it anymore, overwhelmed with ecstasy as I drop to my knees. I start
to beat off the mist furiously, a cock and each hand as I make my way around the circle.
"Oh my god." I say, overwhelmed by the forest of dick that surrounds me. "I can't believe
how gay I really am. All of this time spent hating people who a different than me and now I realize
that I'm just as different as they are."
"In your own way." Says the mist. "We're all different in our own way, and that's okay."
The personified sexual fear seem to enjoy my touch, groaning in turn as I take my time with
each one of their rods. They rock their hips to the movement of my hands, closing their eyes tightly as
my firm grip pleasures them.
Suddenly, one of the ethereal forms puts his hands behind my head and pushes foreword,
thrusting his massive shaft between my lips. I swallow him gladly, taking as much length as I can
until he's pressing hard against my gag reflex. I try my best to relax and allow him past, but it's just
too much to bear and suddenly I'm retching loudly, sputtering as I pull his rod out in a flurry of spit. I
gasp for air, trying to collect myself as more and more hazy cocks are pressed against my mouth,
anxious for their turn.
Seconds later, I'm taking the latent gayness deep once again, hungrily swallowing his massive
dick and letting it expertly slip down into my depths. Somehow I manage to relax enough to allow
him passage beyond my gag reflex, and the next thing I know his balls are pressed tightly against my
chin, his cock completely disappearing within my neck. The strange being holds me there for a
moment, enjoying the sensation of controlling me just as much as I enjoy being controlled. He starts
to push me up and down slightly, using me as his own private play toy for a moment before letting me
up in a frantic gasp for air.
The cocks continue to be thrust between my lips from every direction, and I quickly lose track
of just how many I've taken. I spend a little time with each one, bobbing my head over there length as
I use my hands to beat off the others two at a time. I lick up and down on their enormous shafts,
running my tongue from balls to tip before swallowing them down again. The scene is frantic and
wild, a completely depraved expression of all my pent up sexual bigotry that's been dying to be
exorcised.
At this point my dick is absolutely aching to be touched, throbbing between my legs as I yearn
to be penetrated up the ass by any one of their massive misty cocks.
"Please." I gasp, pulling a member from my throat and looking up at the supernatural beings
with huge doe eyes. "I need to be fucked."
One of the ethereal begins quickly drops to his knees behind me and begins to align his dick
with my tight, puckered asshole. I look back at him and give a playful wink, then cry out loudly as he
thrusts forward and stretches my tightness around the girth of his huge rod. His size is incredible,
filling me completely as he pushes in and out with a slow, powerful grace.
"Oh fuck." I moan, my hands tightly gripping the green grass in front of me. "That personified
sexual redneck fear feels so fucking good inside this tight butthole!"
The latent gayness hammering me from behind soon finds a pleasant rhythm and speeds up, his
thrusts becoming a powerful pulsing slam against my round ass. Meanwhile, the misty apparitions
around my face have stepped back and formed an orderly line, the first one shoving his cock down my
throat so that I'm now being pounded from both ends. They push in and out of me in tandem with one
another, timing their movements so that they're slamming my muscular body back and forth across
their lengths like I'm some beautiful human sex-kabob.
One things for sure, though, they know what they're doing, and it's not long before I find
myself trembling as a prostate orgasm begins to blossom within me. I reach down and try to help it
along, using my hand to rapidly stroke my throbbing cock as the quakes of pleasure continue to course
through my body. I moan into the dick that fills my mouth, preparing for a powerful climax but then
suddenly the cocks within me pull out and another two take their place, instantly starting the process
over again.
These new misty men are just as hung as the first, and they waste no time picking up speed as
they plow my tight holes. I brace myself against their thrusts, my eyes rolling back into my head as I
struggle to handle the intense waves of pleasure being pounded through my body. They continue like
this for a good while and then, like before, switch out with another pair of ethereal beings.
Eventually, all of the manifestations have had a turn within me. I'm still aching to cum but the
mist men still have much more in store for my once closeted body.
One of the creatures lies down onto the ground next to me and instructs me to climb onto him,
which I do happily. I straddle his body with my manly legs, and from where I sit I can now fully
appreciate his ridiculously muscular yet foggy chest, which heaves and expands with every deep
breath. I run my hands down the washboard abs of my own latent gayness and then take his rock hard
dick in my hand, maneuvering it to the entrance of my tightness and then slipping down onto him as I
impale my reamed asshole onto his rod. I slide down his length slowly, letting out a soft whimper
when I reach the hilt and then start in with a slow grind.
"I was wrong about everything." I confess, my body tingling with absolute ecstasy. My
swoops against the personified fear grow harder and harder, rapidly gaining speed until I am
hammering down onto him with all of my force. My latent gayness helps me along with his powerful
arms, taking my hips in his hands and guiding me into perfect alignment with his massive, swollen
cock.
At this point I'm completely overwhelmed, my brain flooding with the most depraved, gay
sexual thoughts possible. I crave more pleasure, more sex, more cock.
"Someone get over here and shove another dick up my fucking ass!" I suddenly demand,
surprising even myself. "I need to be double fucked right now!"
One of the misty beings quickly takes his position behind me, squatting down and aligning his
massive cock with the puckered rim of my already filled asshole. It's a tense fit, the muscle of my ass
fighting against his advances as he slowly pushes the head of his dick into my anal seal.
"Harder!" I command, looking back over my shoulder with a wicked fire in my eyes. "Just
shove that fat dick inside of me! Punish me for being such a bad, bad little bigot!"
The latent gayness takes my words to heart and immediately thrusts foreword, hard, driving
his dick up into my rectum in one powerful thrust. I scream aloud in a mixture of pain and pleasure,
my entire body in shock from the bizarre sensation of two giant cocks fucking me in the same asshole.
The next thing I know, the mists are pumping back and forth within me, pulsing together so that
their shafts create an incredible rhythm of pleasure. It's unlike anything I've ever experienced.
"Fuck me! Fuck me!" I'm screaming in a belligerent trance until suddenly one of the hazy
men steps foreword and shoves his cock down my throat, cutting me off and turning my shrieks into a
strange muted gargle.
Eventually, the ethereal creatures pull out and flip me over so that my back rests firmly against
the latent sexual repression beneath me, while a second one pummels my ass from the front. Of
course, a third misty man takes my mouth and suddenly I'm back where I started, with every gay hole
filled to the max.
The mist begins to trade places within me, fucking me hard with their massive rods and then,
right when I'm just about ready to cum, they pull out and let another one of the strange beings take
their place. I quickly find myself lost in the frenzy of dick, my mind melting into a sexed up, cock
hungry animal just aching to climax.
No sooner have I lost myself in their tornado of dick, when suddenly that familiar orgasmic
sensation starts to bloom within me again, coming on strong and fast. I reach down between my legs
and attack my cock, rapidly stroking myself as the sensations within me grow bigger and bigger, and
then suddenly they erupt within my body. I let out a powerful scream that reverberates through the
dick in my mouth, my eyes closed tight and my stomach clenched tighter. Wave after wave of ecstasy
pulses through me and for a brief moment I forget where I am, leaving my shell in an out-of-body
experience. Jizz erupts from my cock, splattering everywhere.
I finish cumming and then immediately collapse onto the ground next to the misty begins, who
stand up and form a tight circle around me while they beat their dicks furiously. I look up at them
through a lustful haze and beg for their jizz.
"Cover me with your fucking gay loads." I command. "I need your seed all over this bigoted
bro face."
It's not long before the strange creatures are beginning to blow, the first two of them shooting
their loads onto my face in crossed ropes of milky white semen. It splatters across me and runs down
my cheeks, a few white droplets catching playfully in my eyelashes. I open my mouth and stick out
my tongue, then catch the next load as it sails through the air towards me.
"More!" I demand. "I need more gay cum!"
Load after load rains down onto me, covering my entire face with a pearly glaze of jizz. I lick
it off my lips happily, swallowing hard and then finally taking the last one of them right on the
forehead.
The mist fall back and find seats around the room, panting with exhaustion.
"Holy fuck." I say aloud, reaching up and touching the thick layer of spunk that's plastered
onto my face.
I step through the door of the apartment and find my wife, Bambam, waiting silently on the
couch, her teeth gritted in anger.
"Where the fuck were you?" Bambam asks.
"I had to think about some things." I tell her.
"I bet." My wife retorts. "It's another woman isn't it?"
"Actually." I tell her. "It's another man."
Bambam starts to laugh. "What the fuck are you talking about?"
"It's another man." I repeat. "Myself."
My wife stops laughing.
"You can get the fuck out." I say.
Bambam's face goes through a quick series of emotions, from confusion, to utter rage, and then
to amusement. "You don't have what it takes to kick me out of your life." She snarls. "I know
courage and you don't have it. I'm more of a man than you'll ever be."
"Get out." I repeat.
Bambam stands up and walks over to the door, at which point a grab the tabloid magazine off
of the kitchen table and push it into her hands, Bort Jenkin's smiling Unicorn face still there on the
cover.
"You want to learn something about courage." I say. "Read this."
I slam the door, and begin my brand new life.