From the very second I step foot into the office, I know that something here is different. It's not any
specific detail that gives it away, no single glaring sign that blinks above the doorway screaming for
my attention. Instead, I recognize it in the weight of the air, the way that it feels against my skin when
I walk through the lobby of our modest commercial building on the north side of town.
I stop, and suddenly it hits me, the strong scent of coffee.
I hear footsteps approaching down the hallway and moments later my coworker, Janet, rounds
the corner. She smiles and waves as she sees me, but I can tell there is something slightly off about
her.
"Did you hear?" Janet asks, halting in front of me.
I shake my head. "Hear what?"
"Brickle got fired over the weekend." Janet replies.
Darpo Brickle was my boss, and despite his tendency to be a bit of a hard ass, the guy was a
great leader and pretty fun to be around. I had no idea about his termination, but I also can't say that
the news comes as that much of a surprise. Sales had been lagging a lot lately, and despite Darpo's
efforts to get the team back on track, things haven't exactly been looking up around the office lately.
"What happened?" I ask.
"The higher ups wanted him gone." Janet tells me. "Apparently, his performance ratings we're
through the floor, just terrible numbers this quarter."
I shake my head. "That's too bad, I actually liked the guy."
"Well, you're really gonna miss him once you meet the replacement." Janet says, and then
suddenly straightens up. "That reminds me, I was just grabbing something out of my car but there's a
meeting in the conference room in five minutes. Don't be late."
I glance at my watch. "Already? It's so early."
"He's already kicking things into high gear." Janet tells me as she walks past and heads out into
the parking lot.
I watch my coworker go for a moment and then heed her warning, kicking my pace into double
time as I continue down the hallway and then up the stairs towards our large corner office.
When I push open the door I find the usual hustling and bustling rows of cubicles completely
empty, instead noticing that the conference room is in full swing. I immediately head over and push
my way inside, finding my way through the usual suit and tie crowd until I arrive at an empty folding
chair and sit.
"He's coming!" Someone suddenly says, causing the entire room of people to quiet down and
find their seats.
Moments later, the door to the conference room opens and a massive, piping-hot cup of coffee
comes sliding in across the carpet. He's tall, around six-and-a-half feet, and quite handsome for a
beverage, wearing a tie around his ceramic body and sporting a large, muscular handle. I can't help
letting my breath catch in my throat, not expecting to be so enchanted by this man, not only because he
is a cup of coffee, but because I consider myself to be totally straight.
Still, my attraction to this powerful java cannot be denied.
"Some of you have already met me, and some of you have not, so let's get this out of the way
right now." Says the coffee. "My name is Morcho Kibclaw, and I'm your new boss."
The coffee scans the room after he says this, as if trying to pick up on any subtle reactions to this
statement of introduction. He's like a shark in the deep black ocean, sniffing around for the scent of
blood in the water.
"Your old boss, Mr. Brickle, wasn't cutting it around here." Morcho continues. "Can anyone
tell me how Brickle wasn't cutting it?"
There is silence for a moment and then a single hand goes up. It's my co-worker, Danny.
"Yes?" The coffee says, nodding in his direction.
"He wasn't hitting his numbers." Says Danny. "Sales were down."
The coffee cup seems impressed with this answer. "That's correct. We are business of
numbers, all right? And Brickle must have forgotten that along the way because, despite the bad
numbers, he was still granting time off and allowing people to leave early. That's not the kind of
company we are going to run anymore here at Parkoon Lances. Would you like to know what kind of
lance company we are going to be?"
Another hand slowly goes up.
"Yes?" Morcho asks.
"The one with the best customer care in the tri-cities area?" Answers my co-worker, Bill, with
a lack of confidence that makes me cringe.
The imposing coffee cup sits in absolute silence for a moment, his expression utterly void of any
warning at what's to come.
Suddenly, Morcho speaks. "Get the fuck out."
Bill looks utterly stunned and somewhat confused. "What?"
"I said get the fuck out." Repeats the coffee cup.
"Are you serious?" Laughs my co-worker, clearly not wanting to accept his rather brutal fate.
Suddenly, the coffee cup slides forward through the rows of folding chairs, knocking them this
way and that and causing people to jump out of the way before getting roughly bowled over by the
ceramic mug. A few people cower in terror while others scream, but Morcho ignores them and, the
next thing I know, the massive coffee cup is towering over Bill, looking down at him with a searing
vengeance unlike anything that I have ever seen.
"You're fucking fired." The coffee cup yells. "Now get the fuck out of my sight before I pour
myself all over you."
Bill stands up and grabs his coat, crying, then stumbles over to the door, pushing out into the
main office as tears stream down his face.
"The answer is simple." Announces Morcho to the room. "What kind of lance company are we
going to be? The best fucking lance company on the planet. The next person who talks to me about
customer service like I give a damn is going to get hot coffee all over their lap, is that understood?"
Morcho slides back across the room and positions himself in front of the crowd once again,
while my coworkers struggle to turn their folding chairs upright and reorganize.
"As you can see." Morcho says. "I don't have time for any of your bullshit. Today, I want you
all working twice as hard as you normally would. Birthday coming up? Why not get your kid a
lance? Horse show? How about some jousting? We've got lances for that. If I come around and
you're not on the phone selling somebody a brand new pointy lance then your ass is grass,
understood?"
"Yes." The entire conference room repeats back to Morcho in unison.
Suddenly, the door opens and Janet strolls in, stopping suddenly when she sees the chaos that
has occurred. She looks to Morcho, "Sorry I'm late, I was just getting some papers out of my car."
There is an audible gasp as the entire room holds their breath, waiting on the edge of our seats
in preparation for Morcho's reaction to Janet's tardiness.
The coffee cup hesitates for a moment and then slides over to Janet, ever so slowly. I can
hardly watch, struggling not to literally avert my eyes as the mug drifts closer and closer to my
unfortunate friend.
"You're not late." Says Morcho, sitting just inches away from Janet's face now. "How can you
be late if you don't work here anymore."
Janet looks confused. "What?"
Morcho hesitates and then suddenly he's flipping himself upside down in one swift motion. It
entire room jumps in surprise as Morcho goes spilling everywhere, the hot coffee cascading down
and covering Janet from head to toe as she screams. The liquid pools out across the floor and Janet
begins belligerently crying, lucky that Morcho is cooler than the steam rising off of his top would
have you believe.
"Get out!" The coffee bellows, oozing into the carpet with every passing second. "Get the fuck
out and never come back!"
Janet turns and rushes out of the room, her entire body stained brown from the hot liquid.
"Meeting's over!" Screams Morcho. "Now get back to work! I'll be pulling you in one by one
for individual meetings over the next hour, and if I don't like what I hear from you then you can expect
to end up just like her!"
Nobody moves a muscle, unsure of whether or not this terrifying beverage has actually excused
us.
"Go!" Yells Morcho. "Get out!"
Everyone bursts up from their chair and hurries out of the room, careful not to step on the new
boss as be begins to collect himself back within the massive cup.
The rest of the day I am on pins and needles, working harder than I ever have since first starting
this job a year ago. Every single call that I make feels like it's life or death which, I suppose, means
that the coffee cup's aggressive style of management is actually working. In the cubicles around me, I
can hear my coworkers typing and talking with equal fervor, trying every tactic in the book to get out
there and sell more lances.
One by one, people start getting called into Morcho's office, where the blinds have been
menacingly drawn. The meetings seem relatively short, and consistently result in one of two endings.
Half of the group comes out and walks back to their desk, clearly shaken up but otherwise happy
to remain employed. The other half, however, aren't so lucky.
There is a loud crash as the door to Morcho's office opens up and Danny comes stumbling out,
tears streaming down his face as the coffee shouts angrily at him in the background. A chair suddenly
comes flying out of the office door after him, narrowly missing the man as it clatters along the hallway
with a second, even louder crash.
"And don't come back!" Morcho screams. There is a moment of silence, and then suddenly the
moment I had been dreading all morning finally arrives. "Yonce Peppers!" Screams Morcho.
I stand. "Coming!"
The entire office stares as I make my way through the rows towards the gaping office door, a
collective tension surging through the air like an electrical current.
I arrive at Morcho's office and step inside.
"Close the door behind you." Says the cup from behind his desk. Darpo's computer has
already been removed, replaced by a station for sugar, cream and artificial sweetener.
I close the door.
"Have a seat." Morcho offers, motioning to the empty chair that sits across from him. I feel as
though I'm being directed to the gallows, but I have no other option than to obey the commands of my
ruthless liquid boss. I sit carefully, trying not to show my nervousness but unable to keep my body
from trembling ever so slightly.
I can tell by the way this muscular coffee cup eyes me up that he notices, but he says nothing.
"Tell me, Yonce. Why did you get into the lance business?" Questions the new boss.
Immediately, my head is swimming with any number of possible answers. The obvious way to
play it is to make up some kind of story in which lances mean the world to me, maybe my father was a
huge lance enthusiast and raised me on our farm tossing them around in the Midwest. But, of course,
that would be a lie.
The real answer is that I took the job because I need the money, as blunt as that may be, and I
just so happen to be really good at it.
I swallow hard, and make my choice.
"I'm not going to lie." I tell the beautiful, yet utterly terrifying, coffee. "I started working here
out of necessity, I needed the job and I really don't care about lances."
"I find that hard to believe." Scoffs Morcho, glancing down at a piece of paper on his desk. "It
says here that you're from Florida, lance capital of the world."
I shrug. "I know. It's hard to believe, but I've just never understood the appeal. I'm more of a
pitchfork or trident man myself, but I think that's what makes me so good at this job. I truly
understand the competition."
The second that these words leave my mouth I can see something in the coffee cups demeanor
change. He instantly relaxes, softens even, and I feel ever so slightly more at ease. Now that I'm no
longer completely terrified of the beverage, I can definitely feel that same aching attraction begin to
seep into my thoughts.
"I like that answer." Says Morcho. "It's honest, and that's something we need around here.
Too many people are here because they said the right thing at the right time, not because they actually
bring anything real to the table."
The massive coffee cup reaches down and takes a sugar packet off of the desk in front of him,
tearing open the edge and pouring it over the top of his head.
"So tell me." The beverage begins. "What do you bring to the table?"
I immediately notice something strange about the way my boss says this, a slight inflection that,
if I didn't know any better, might have come off as flirtatious. Of course, that can't possibly be the
case so I answer him straightly.
"I'm the best that there is as far as developing repeat business from our clients." I explain. "I
know exactly how to keep them involved with us, whether it's setting up lance parties or just getting
out there and making house calls to our biggest lance buyers."
The coffee eyes me up and down. "Another good answer." He observes. "You really know
your stuff."
"Thank you, sir." I say with a nod.
"What do you know about living coffee?" Asks Morcho.
This feels like a loaded question, so I tread carefully. "Well, I know that you're brewed locally
most of the time."
Morcho nods.
"House blend?" I ask.
"Kona." Morcho tells me. "But that's very flattering."
Once more I can feel the surge of erotic tension between us, and once more I try my best to
ignore it.
Morcho clears his throat. "Something you might not know about living coffee is that it is very
important for us to regulate our heat. As you can see, I'm very, very large. I can't fit in a microwave
to be reheated over and over again."
"What kind of heat do you need?" I ask.
Morcho lets a smug grin cross his ceramic face. "Erotic heat."
My heart almost stops as he says this, not sure whether this explanation is a joke or a deadly
serious fact of the living coffee lifestyle. Thinking quickly, I decide that it's safest to go with the
serious approach.
"And that works?" I ask with as much genuine curiosity as I can muster.
Morcho nods. "Not only does it work, but it's very, very important. Without erotic heat I could
eventually turn lukewarm and die."
In this moment I am actually struck with a touch of sympathy for my ruthless leader. If I was
constantly hovering so close to deaths door, I would probably be a little upset, too, and I certainly
wouldn't have any time to deal with people who didn't take their job seriously. With every second
my heart is growing larger and larger for Morcho, and I'm both scared and excited by the prospect. I
realize suddenly that my cock has grown hard within my slacks, a physical representation of my
swelling admiration for this handsome cup of coffee.
"Corporate has given me permission to hire on an employee to keep me warm." Morcho
explains. "They will be given a raise, of course. I'd like to hire you on for this position."
"Me?" I ask, stunned. "Why me?"
"I'd like to say it's because you have all the right answers." Replies Morcho. "But in reality,
it's because you're just so fucking sexy."
I blush, trying to hide the fact that his blunt admission turns me on even more.
"I've never been with a living coffee." I admit.
"Any other living beverage?" Morcho asks, curiously.
I think for a moment. "A gang of chocolate milk cowboys once." I tell him. "But that was in
another life, I must have pressed the button nearly forty times since then."
Morcho nods in understanding. "Well I can promise you this, I've got much more to offer than
just a boring old chocolate milk."
The large mug of coffee seductively begins to slide around the desk towards me, moving quietly
across the carpet until he is right up next to my chair where I can now feel the pleasant heat radiating
off of him. The beverage smells incredible, perfectly brewed.
"There's one more thing." I say, stopping my boss in his tracks. "I'm not gay."
"Everyone's gay for coffee." Morcho says, pulling me close to him and kissing me deeply.
My first instinct is to pull away, but I immediately recognize this response for what it is, the
irrational fear of a truth that I know at the bottom of my heart is real. I want this cup of coffee and I
want him badly.
"I accept." I tell the cup in between wild kisses of passion. "I accept the job as your erotic
heater."
"Good." Morcho says. "Now get to work."
Seized with an incredible gay lust, I immediately drop to my knees before this giant cup, happy
to discover that a massive erect cock has risen out of his body and now stands at full attention before
me.
I look up at Morcho, impressed. "This is going to be fun." I say.
I open wide and take the coffee's dick deep into my throat, pumping my head across the length
of his shaft in a series of slow, deliberate movements. My boss moans with pleasure, tilting his head
back and bubbling a little at the top.
I reach up with one hand and being to play with his hanging coffee balls then, moments later,
push down as far as I can, taking his entire length within me. Somehow I manage to relax enough to
allow the beverage well past my gag reflex, my face pressed hard against the cup's ceramic abs.
Morcho reaches down and holds me here for a moment, enjoying the sensation of having me
consume his shaft fully, the entirely of his rod lodged deep within my neck. I force my tongue out as
far as I can and tickle the edge of his balls playfully until finally there's just not enough air left in my
lungs and I pull back in a massive gasp.
Spit hangs between my lips and the head of his shaft in a single, thick rope, which I immediately
use as lube while I beat the coffee boss off furiously. Faster and faster I go, pleasuring him with
everything I've got until finally I just can't take it any longer, standing abruptly.
"I need you inside of me." I admit to the handsome beverage. "I need to deep inside this gay
ass and I need it now. Punish me like I just came in late for work."
"You want me to spill on you?" Morcho asks. "Like Janet?"
I shake my head. "No, punish me with your fat beverage dick."
My boss smiles and nods. "With pleasure."
I immediately step past him and unbutton my pants, pulling them down along with my underwear
and then leaning over his large wooden desk. I reach back with one hand and spread myself open for
him, then wink coyly. "Pound me."
The massive coffee cup gladly slides into position and begins to align the head of his swollen
dick with my puckered tightness, teasing the rim of my ass with his massive length.
"Do it!" I demand. "Shove it in there and fuck the hell out of me like the bad little twink that I
am."
Morcho slams forward, stuffing me completely with his utterly enormous rod and causing me to
yelp out loudly in a mixture of both pain and pleasure. I grip onto the desk tightly as my boss begins
to thrust within me, moving slowly at first and then building speed. It feels utterly incredible, a
sensation unlike anything I have ever felt, complete with a slight buzz from the rectally consumed
caffeine high.
"Fuck!" I moan, biting my lip as Morcho's cock brutally impales me. "It feels so fucking good
getting slammed up the ass by my coffee in the morning."
The coffee continues to pound me like this for quite a while, hammering away at my asshole
with powerful, rhythmic force. I reach down between my legs and grab ahold of my hanging cock
beneath, stroking pleasantly in time with every thrust up my rear.
It's not long before the pleasant sensations of prostate orgasm begins to build within me, a
strange and unfamiliar warmth that slowly but surely starts to creep through my body, beginning deep
within my abdomen and then sweeping down across my arms and legs. I am trembling, quaking with
pleasure, unable to entirely process the feelings that course through me and letting the excess come
out in an expression of uncontrollable shaking.
"I'm gonna blow my load so fucking hard!" I cry out.
My huge coffee boss immediately stops, pulling out of me and slapping my rear. "No, you're
not." The beverage says. "I'm not warm enough."
"I'm sorry, sir." I tell him. "I'll cum when you tell me to."
"Good." Replies the liquid. "That's what I like to hear."
Morcho grabs me around the waist and then flips me over on the desk so that I'm laying on my
back. He grabs my pants and underwear, tearing them down and then ripping them off completely so
that my asshole and hard cock are exposed to him. My muscular legs splayed wide, the giant coffee
cup aligns his cock with my now reamed backdoor and pushes forward, stretching out my tightness
with his incredible girth.
I can now feel the heat within my boss radiating against me much stronger than before, the cup
of coffee clearly getting the change in temperature that he so desperately craved.
As Morcho slams into me once again, I start to beg for what I crave, sweet release.
"Please let me cum!" I beg. "Please let me blow this fucking load."
Morcho pounds me up the ass like a java jackhammer, ignoring my words.
"I need to cum! I'm begging you!" I moan, the caffeine surging through me.
"We'll cum together." Morcho suddenly announces.
I reach down and begin beating myself of frantically, finally allowing the sensation of orgasm to
completely consume my body. I close my eyes tight as it hits me in a sensual wave that pulses through
my body over and over again, each one more powerful than the next until finally I throw my head back
and scream, a fountain of white hot jizz ejecting from the head of my cock.
"Oh fuck!" Morcho cries out, clearly finding himself in the midst of a similar experience. The
muscular beverage slams into me deep and holds, his arms trembling as he braces against the tidal
wave of pleasure and then finally releasing as his cum spills out into my rectum. I can feel him filling
me with load after aching load, the spunk pouring out from my boss until finally there's just no more
room in my asshole to hold him. The jizz comes spilling down my legs and crack in pearly white
streaks.
When Morcho finally pulls out of me completely, the rest of his load goes with him, splattering
onto the desk below.
"That was perfect." Says Morcho, reaching out a hand and helping me up as his cum continues
to drip from my reamed ass. "Looks like you're just the man I was looking for."
"I won't let you down." I tell my boss confidently, then hesitate. "But there's something else."
"What is it?" Morcho asks, his harsh exterior completely melted away now to reveal a strong,
sensitive man underneath.
I'm struggling to find my words, overwhelmed with emotion as I process the events of the last
forty-five minutes. "I… I…"
Morcho slides up against me and lets me feel his pleasant heat across my skin.
"I think I love you." I finally say. "I don't want this meeting to end, I don't want to ever be
without you by my side."
"I love you, too." Says Morcho.
We hold each other for quite a while, standing naked in the middle of Morcho's office until
eventually he speaks again. "You know, you don't have to leave if you don't want to."
I look up at my boss, confused. "What do you mean?"
"I mean we can be together forever, if that's truly what you want." The coffee explains. "All
you have to do is climb inside of me."
"Climb inside of you?" I repeat back in utter shock. "But it's hot! What will happen to me?"
"Well, it's going to feel very, very strange, but eventually you'll turn into coffee, too." Morcho
says. "We'll be together forever."
"But who will keep you warm?" I ask.
"We'll find someone." Morcho assures me.
Overwhelmed by my love for this incredible beverage, I climb up onto his desk, standing so that
I can look down into the massive brown pool that waits between the cup's ceramic edges. The
prospect of climbing in is terrifying, but the prospect of spending a single second of my life without
Morcho is even worse.
"Okay." I say. "Let's do it."
I take a deep breath and then throw one leg over the edge, wincing from the heat. It's very
warm, but not painful; actually quite pleasant in a way. I throw my other leg over the edge and now,
sitting on the side, I close my eyes, enjoying the powerful java scent that permeates everything around
us.
I slip off of the edge and disappear into the swirling pool of delicious coffee.