For a writer like myself, inspiration is one of the most valuable renounces there is and, for the most
part, my creative well stays relatively full. As a successful erotica author, most of what I do involves
creating brief moments of fantasy, short stories that are meant to titillate and excite until the reader,
and tale, reach their eventual climax. Thanks to this, I've written a massive variety of scenarios that
run the whole gamut of settings and characters.
The creativity has flown freely for years, a seemingly endless stream of sexual adventure.
That is, until recently.
Suddenly, I find myself searching desperately for something new and interesting. It's not so
much that I can't coax out an original idea, more like I find myself hating every original idea that
happens to be coaxed. Everything seems boring and played out, my love of writing and my drive to
create simply withering away as time goes on.
Before long I realize the sad truth; I'm depressed.
Unfortunately, depression is something that is not just cured simply by recognizing it. In fact,
the existence of a cure itself is debatable. Still, I have to try.
I start by going for daily walks to the nearby coffee shop, where everyone seems to know my
name at this point. It's nice to get out of the house, feel the fresh Montana air across my skin and
share a few minor interactions with other human beings, but it's not nearly enough.
I try my to spend more time with my family, but they seem to be engaged in other matters for
the time being. Enough though I've slowed down into a sad shell of my former self, I can't fault the
world for continuing to spin at a normal rate around me. The sun will still rise and set, regardless of
whether or not I'm smiling while it happens.
Long ago, when I was feeling down in the dumps, I would have gladly thrown myself into my
writing to lift my spirits, but these days that is not an option.
Tonight I've hit the bottom of my sadness, or at least, what I hope is the bottom. I can barely
find the energy to get out of bed, simply opting out of tonight's spaghetti and meatballs dinner. I lay
on the couch of my office and stare at the ceiling, analyzing its particular shade of whiteness instead
of thinking any thoughts of real consequence. For a brief moment, I consider what it would be like if I
was never born. Would the world really care if bestselling author Buck Trungle was no longer in it?
I let out a long sigh; Probably not.
It's at that very moment that I hear a loud, digital chime from my desktop computer across the
room. I've received a new message on Torter, my social media platform of choice.
With every bit of effort that I can muster, I sit up on the couch and then climb to my feet. I had
been in such a deep, dark trance that I had no idea I'd been crying, my eyes now wet and red from the
tears.
I stagger over to my writing desk and sit down, then shake my computers mouse, illuminating
the screen. I have one new notification.
I click on the icon and suddenly a brief sentence pops up onto my screen, publicly posted for
the whole world to see.
"Come visit me soon." I read aloud. "Would love to see you."
The message is from my friend and fellow erotic author, Bunter Cox.
Part of me wants to respond, but for some reason I just can't bring myself to do it, my brain
simply unable to will my fingers into lifting and typing out the words.
I take a deep breath and begin to stand up again, when suddenly another digital chime rings out
through the office.
I check the notification and see that it's from Dennard Lelaney, another fellow author.
"Checked out the new book." It reads. "Really great stuff, can't wait for the next one."
A smile slowly crosses my face. At least some people out there care about me.
Still, it's not enough to find the inspiration that I'm looking for. Encouragement from my peers
may keep me from falling deeper into this overwhelming depression, but it's still not going to give me
that spark of creativity I so desperately crave.
At this point I've tried everything, my stories evolving farther and father into a self-referential
universe. They are as meta as they can get, breaking through the 4th wall and then some; yet I feel like
there is nowhere left to go.
In one of my latest erotic shorts, the character himself even started to realize that he was a
fictional character, which was certainly interesting to write. Unfortunately, I found myself wanting
more. It was one thing for a fictional character to realize that he was simply words on a page, but
how could I get the writer himself to realize that, too, or even the reader?
No matter how hard I try, it seems like an impossible task, one that will simply drive me
father and farther into sadness and longing. Is the character real? Is the author? There is no way to
really know. If I was to cut myself and bleed out on this keyboard, would my blood truly exist in a
vibrant red, or would it be black ink on a white page that I will never ever truly be aware of.
As I sit here pondering in sadness, my eyes drift to the two new messages on my computer
screen, one from Bunter and one from Dennard. I suddenly realize that the answer to one of these
questions is quite literally at my fingertips.
I lurch forward and immediately type out a short message across the keyboard, slapping the
enter key confidently as I blast it out to all of my twitter followers. Are you real or just fake
imaginations?
It's not long before the answers start coming back with a resounding "Yes."
Fans and peers alike begin to reach out online. Seeky Darsust torts, "I'm as real as you are,
Buck." While Borb Ryrnes says, "Of course, Buck. We are your biggest fans and we love you." A
nice reviewer named Decha Mahl says, "I'm real and waiting for your next erotic tale."
Everyone is so supportive, but their words still leave me with a strange emptiness. Despite
there assurances, how could I ever know if these people are real? Are they who they say they are?
When I was writing about the man who had no idea he was a character in a book, everything
seemed real to him despite it's absurdity, and even though these online responses appear to make
sense, how could I ever truly know?
More importantly, is this the key to renewing my ever-evasive inspiration? If I could
somehow find a way to peer past the veil of reality and recognize my own world as real or written,
could I then find motivation in that?
If only there was a way to know that these other authors were real.
Suddenly, it hits me.
Filled with excitement, I type another message and post it to my Torter wall. If I teleport you
here, can you prove to me that you're real and this is not a book?
More answers begin pouring in left and right. Benny Baffe, Persace Tad, Cannah Hatherine
and more all immediately respond with assurances of their existence as real, flesh and blood human
beings, not just figments of my imagination or words upon a page. Kenna Nuillaume and Wat Mitebed
from Zubfeed Magazine, a prominent Billings publication, both assure me that they were not written
into existence by any author, especially not me.
Finally, after receiving countless messages promising to me that this world is quite real, I
respond to each and every one of them, all the way back to Bunter Cox, with very specific
teleportation directions.
I stand up from my writing desk and then head out into the hallway, walking down it with
nervous excitement until I reach my teleportation room and step inside.
I can see that the teleporter is already humming with activity, buzzing softly with blue light in
the darkened room. The control panel shows that several of my Torter followers have activated the
code, connecting their teleportation chambers to mine and securing the link for safe travels.
Suddenly, there is a loud crackle of energy as the first traveler arrives, their body assembling
from a billion reconstructed atoms before my very eyes. According to my control panel, this arrival
should be none other than my fellow author, Bunter Cox, but I gasp aloud when his presence finally
manifests itself. The arrival is much different than I expected.
Instead of the handsome, smiling young man that I anticipated to find standing before me, I am
now face to face with a fearsome, scaly dinosaur.
"Are you?" I stammer. "Are you Bunter Cox?"
The raptor nods.
"Why would you pretend to be a human?" I demand to know, equal parts disappointed and
intrigued. "I don't understand."
"I was never pretending." Bunter Cox says in his deep, raptor voice. "You never asked."
"But this is absurd!" I shout, losing my temper slightly. "If you're a dinosaur then I know this
can't be real. I must be a character in a book!"
The dinosaur scoffs. "You didn't think it was absurd that you had a teleporter in your house?"
I think about this for a moment, not wanting to believe the answer that sits so defiantly at the
forefront of my mind. "I guess you're right." I finally say.
Suddenly, more and more of my Torter followers begin to arrive via the teleportation
chamber. Not a single one of them is human, each and every one of them a handsome gay dinosaur
that also happens to be incredibly well endowed. Before I know it, I am completely surrounded by a
roomful of my prehistoric online friends.
"All of you?" I shout, throwing my hands up into the air. "Each and every one of you is just a
gay dinosaur?"
The crowd of reptilian beasts nods.
"And I'm just a character in a book? Even though I wrote a book about that very idea?" I
continue, exasperated.
The dinosaurs nod again.
"Then who is writing this book?" I ask.
Bunter steps forward. "Chuck Tingle." He says.
I hesitate, trying to let all of this sink in. My mind is having a hard time keeping pace against
the powerful emotions that flood my senses with anxiety and wonder. "Who is Chuck Tingle?" I ask.
"Dr. Chuck Tingle is an erotic author and Tae Kwon Do grandmaster, almost black belt, from
Billings, Montana." The handsome dinosaur begins in an almost mechanical tone. "After receiving
his PhD at DeVry University in holistic massage, Chuck found himself fascinated by all things
sensual, leading to his creation of the ‘tingler', a story so blissfully erotic that it cannot be
experienced without eliciting a sharp tingle down the spine."
"That sounds just like me." I tell him.
"Of course it does." Bunter replies. "You're based on him."
"But I already wrote a story like this!" I cry out. "It's called Reamed By My Reaction To The
Title Of This Book!"
The dinosaur chuckles. "Well, Chuck wrote that you wrote it, technically. There's a lot of
layers and its all very confusing, really."
"But it's my life!" I yell.
Bunter shrugs. "I don't know what to tell you."
I let out a long sigh, trying to settle my mood any collect myself. "Well, now that you're all
here, would you like some spaghetti?" I ask the gang of dinosaurs. "I mean, even if it's not real, we
can at least have a good time."
It's been a while since I've been this happy. As I look out across the kitchen of hungry
prehistoric beasts that wolf down their sauce and noodles, I finally get a sense of belonging in this
world. Now that I've realized I was only being written as depressed, it was fairly easy to change my
way of thinking. I might not be totally inspired yet, but I'm certainly on my way.
Funny enough, this is completely opposite to the reaction that my character had while writing
Reamed By My Reaction To The Title Of The Book. In that story, the character's realization of his
fictional state is absolutely devastating, but for me it's quite freeing. There is no part of me that is
concerned with what will happen to me after the book ends, because I realize now that all of this is
nothing more than a short bit of entertainment for my readers. I will not die, because I was never
alive.
"This is so fascinating." I tell one of the dinosaur Torter followers. "I can't believe we are
all just… words on a page."
"Or an e-reader." Replies the stegosaurus. "Probably an e-reader."
"So who do you think is writing this?" I ask.
"Chuck Tingle." Says the stegosaurus through a mouthful of spaghetti.
"But who is writing him?" I continue. "Everyone has to be written by someone else, right?"
The dinosaur shakes his head. "I don't think that's how it works. There has to be an end."
"Why?" I continue. "Chuck wrote me, and I wrote someone else, and in that story someone
else wrote someone else."
The stegosaurus rolls his eyes. "Stop! You're giving me a headache."
"I mean, logically, don't you think that someone had to write Chuck?" I ask. "What kind of
name is Chuck, anyway? That can't be a real person."
A triceratops joins us and interjects. "What kind of name is Buck Trungle! Are you kidding
me?"
"That's exactly my point." I tell him. "I'm fake, so Chuck is, too. Right?"
"I think Chuck is real." Chimes in one of the other Torter follower dinosaurs from across the
kitchen. "I don't think anyone is writing him."
"Oh yeah? Why is that?" I ask.
"Because he was the first person to push the big red button." The beast says flatly.
The prehistoric creatures all stop as they hear this, the words ‘big red button' seeming to hang
menacingly in the air above us.
"What's the big red button?" I ask.
The dinosaur who spoke up wipes the spaghetti sauce from his mouth with a massive green
claw. His eyes narrow. "Are you sure you want to know?" The beast asks. "I mean, I shouldn't
even be saying this but I speak what he types and he seems a little distracted."
"Distracted?" I ask.
"The TV is on." Explains the dinosaur. "He's writing these words but he's not really thinking
about the consequences. I mean, he could always go back and edit this out later but we'll see what
happens."
I glance across the kitchen and into the living room, where my television sits comfortably in
the off position. "The TV is on?"
"Not yours, dummy." The dinosaur clarifies. "The writer's."
I nod, finally understanding. Despite being distracted by the television, the author lets me
know that the dinosaur is Dennard Lelaney, just for the sake of clarity, although I probably could have
figured it out from the shades. Dennard always wears shades.
The author considers whether or not Dennard will be bothered by his inclusion in this book,
and then decides that it's probably fine. The author then returns to a state of mindless writing, while
the television continues to drone on and on in the background.
"So what's the big red button?" I ask, trying to get as many answers as I can before the sex
starts and it all goes to hell.
"The big red button is something that the author found on his way to the coffee shop one
morning." Dennard tells me. "The real author."
"Chuck?" I ask.
"Yes." The dinosaur nods. "In his world there are no unicorns or dinosaurs, at least still
alive, and there are certainly no bigfeet."
"What?" I ask, astonished. "Why wouldn't there be talking bigfeet?"
"Seriously." Says Dennard. "This is what I like to call the First World. If you follow the
chain all the way back, this is where our universe begins."
"That's Incredible." I say. "So what happened when he found this box?"
"Well, there was a big red button inside." Explains the dinosaur. "And, of course, who is
going to find a big red button in a box and not push it?"
"Naturally." I agree.
"So the author starts pushing this button, and every time the button get's pushed it creates
another layer, not in his world but in our world. Do you understand?"
I shake my head no.
"Look at it this way, in fictional space there are no laws of time, space… anything. If the
author wants a billionaire jet plane to show up in your back yard, he can do that at the snap of his
fingers." Dennard explains.
I suddenly notice some flashing lights outside of the kitchen window behind Dennard's head.
I stand up and walk over to the window, peering out to see an incredibly handsome jet plane laying
face up in the backyard. He's shuffling a deck of cards, but stops when he sees me. "You wanna
learn to count cards?" The plane asks.
I shake my head, and then turn back to the dinosaurs in the kitchen. "That's so fucking
weird." I say.
Dennard shrugs. "Eh, it makes more sense if you've read the book."
"So what's your point?" I start. "What does that have to do with layers?"
"Do you know what Opitz-Kaveggia syndrome is?" Dennard questions.
I shake my head.
"Let's just say that the author can keep track of a lot of things at once." Explains the dinosaur.
"I have no idea what happens in the real world when you press the button, but in here it creates
another layer to the universe, a deeper, gayer layer."
"Gayer?" I ask. "But I'm straight."
The dinosaur laughs. "Trust me, that's what they all say. Your life is just one of many in a
collection of short stories that all take place within the same universe, called the Tingleverse."
"Okay." I say, nodding. I understand this part because I wrote about it in one of my books.
"So within the tingleverse there are several interlocking worlds, some of them more gay than
the others, but all existing at the same time. The world's gayness depends on how many times the
button has been pushed. Sometimes the world will seem almost real with just a few details missing,
while others will seem downright ridiculous to the reader."
"Where are we now?" I ask.
A smile creeps across Dennard's face. "Oh, we're deep. There's a card counting plane in
your backyard."
"I'm still confused." I admit. "Like… If we're all just existing as fictional characters in this
layered universe of extreme gayness, then what's the point of it all? Why keep pushing the button?"
"I'd love to tell you." Dennard says, standing up and grasping tightly onto his massive
dinosaur erection. "But we're out of time."
Suddenly, I find myself utterly overwhelmed with gay lust. I drop down to my knees as the gay
dinosaurs begin to surround me with their utterly massive dicks.
"Do you want to all fuck me at the same time?" I coo out of nowhere. "Do you want to take
me in my little gay asshole?"
The circle of dinosaurs begins to tighten slowly around me, their massive erect cocks moving
closer and closer towards my face.
Suddenly overwhelmed with lust, I grab a cock in each hand and begin to pump my fingers up
and down across their throbbing members, providing them with the sensation that they so desperately
crave.
The dinosaurs reel with satisfaction as I touch them, reptilian eyes closed and muscular scaly
bodies quaking. Their cocks are enormous and hard as rocks within my grip, which quickens with
every stroke. Soon enough, I'm beating them off ferociously, giving the monsters everything I've got
as I work their huge shafts.
I'm too overwhelmingly horny to think, completely consumed by my arousal. Consequences
be damned, I want these prehistoric beasts to take me any way that they'd like.
The dinosaurs push forward and surround me with their giant dicks, vying for attention. I
immediately take one of them into my mouth, swallowing him down as far as I can and them rapidly
bobbing my head across his shaft.
Meanwhile, I continue to pump my hands along the cocks of the monsters on either side of me,
expertly satisfying all three of them at once.
Eventually, I begin to move back and forth between their shafts, giving all of the dinosaurs
equal time between my lips as they pound away at my face. I'm completely cock crazed at this point,
losing track of which one is which as I take their rods down my throat, sometimes two at a time.
Lost in a sea of frantic gay nymphomania, I take one of the dinosaur dicks and shove it down
my throat as far as I can, gag reflex be damned. Somehow, I manage to loosen up enough to take the
creature all the way into the depths of my neck, his entire length consumed as his balls hang on my
chin and his green abs press hard against my face. The dinosaur holds me there for a minute, enjoying
the sensation of complete immersion within, and then eventually he lets me up.
"Fuck." I gasp, unbuttoning my pants and kicking them off frantically. "I need you inside of
me." My shirt and underwear come off next and soon enough I find myself nude, down between the
creatures on my hands and knees.
One of the dinosaurs immediately kneels onto the kitchen floor behind me and aligns his cock
with my tight, puckered asshole. I look back over my shoulder and watch as the massive beast pushes
forward, causing an unexpected yelp to escape my lips. Now that he's inside of me, the dinosaur is
much larger than expected, stretching my limits with his enormous shaft.
"God damn, you are so fucking big!" I moan, bracing myself on the tile against the creature's
powerful slams.
The dinosaur starts off slow and deep, pumping me with a series of graceful slams that
somehow hit in just the right way every time. As the creature speeds up, I open my mouth once
against to groan, only this time I'm cut off as another dinosaur plunges his shaft down my throat.
Now ruthlessly pounded from either end, I can feel myself aching to cum between them, and
soon enough I've reached my hand down between my legs, frantically rubbing my cock to help myself
along. I can feel the throbbing warmth of orgasm starting to build within me, growing larger and
larger as it shoots down my arms and legs.
I shut my eyes tight as my body quickly becomes overwhelmed by sensation, moaning into the
rod that so brutally fills my mouth. With every push from the front I'm propelled backwards onto the
other creatures shaft, back and forth between them.
I'm just about ready to cum from a powerful prostate orgasm when suddenly the dinosaurs
remove themselves from me and let another pairing have a turn. Soon enough, these new beasts are
pumping into my body with equal ferocity, starting slow and then building until they are hammering
me with everything that they've got.
I submit to the monsters completely, satisfied with my position as a gay fuck toy for these
strange, Jurassic creatures as they take turns swapping in and out of my holes. They go though every
arrangement, each one of the ten dinosaurs having a turn in either orifice while I yearn for them to
make me cum.
Suddenly, the dinosaur within my mouth pulls out and lifts me up to my feet. I stand naked and
erect before them, my toned body exposed to their yellow dinosaur eyes as another one of them lifts
me up into the air. I wrap my legs around the powerful prehistoric being, holding tight as he aligns
his shaft with the reamed entrance of my asshole. The next thing I know, the dinosaur is lowering me
down onto his rod, impaling my muscular frame onto his thick, girthy shaft.
"Oh my fucking god." I moan, throwing my head back in the warm kitchen light. "That feels
so fucking good."
The dinosaur wastes no time getting to work, pumping me up and down over his thick rod with
his powerful scaly arms. The sensation is incredible as the monster controls my every movement,
using my body in any way that he sees fit.
Moments later, though, another one of the strange beasts positions himself behind me, causing
me to freeze up with apprehensive concern.
"You can't be serious." I gasp, looking back at the ambitious dinosaur. "Two at the same
time?"
The dinosaur nods.
Never before had I even considered submitting myself to something so depraved, so dirty, so
gay. But now, as I hang here in the monsters arms, surrounded by this gang of horny creatures, I can't
help but be intrigued by the prospect.
I take a deep breath and confidently reach down with both hands, spreading my ass cheeks so
that the dinosaur can get a good look at my tight, already filled hole.
"Is this what you want?" I ask seductively. "Fine then, take it!"
The creature immediately steps forward and helps to lift me up in the air, positioning himself
behind me before lowering me back down onto a dual shaft, anal invasion. The monster's cocks enter
me at the same time, stretching my asshole well past anything that I've ever felt. I howl in a mixture of
pain and pleasure.
The dinosaurs quickly get to work pounding my body, thrusting into me back and forth in
perfect sync with one another. Their cocks work together within me like a dual piston motor, pumping
in turn as I tremble and shake between their powerful dinosaur bodies.
"Oh my god." I start to murmur. "Keep doing that, I'm so close. I'm so fucking close."
I reach down and begin frantically stroking my cock, pushing myself closer and closer to my
impending orgasm until suddenly I just can't take it anymore and the beautiful sensation explodes
through my body. I scream out loud and hold on tightly to the dinosaur that pounds me from below, my
entire body wracked with blissed out spasms of pleasure. Every muscle within me seems to contract
and expand over and over again, wave after wave of sensation coursing through me like joyful
electricity as jizz erupts from the head of my cock.
It feels as though the cumming will never end, the dinosaurs never letting up for a second with
their double dick pounding until finally, at long last, it passes and I collapse between them.
"God damn, that was so good." I groan while the monsters lower me down onto kitchen floor
below.
I stretch out on my back, naked and muscular as the dinosaurs tighten their circle around me
with their cocks in their claws, rock hard and aching to explode.
"Cover me with your cum!" I command. "I want to feel that hot, gay dinosaur jizz all over
me!"
Soon the creatures are unloading left and right, showering my body with splatters of their
milky white spunk. The first few shots blast across my face in a haphazard cross, running down my
cheeks on either side in a pearly mess while the others begin to cum across my abs and pecs. It's not
long before my entire body is covered in a sticky glaze.
The spunk is layered so thick over my face that I can barely get my eyes open, blinking rapidly
as I struggle to gaze up at the dinosaurs through the droplets of cum that hang from my eyelids.
"Oh my god." I laugh. "I don't care if I'm just a character in a book, that was amazing."
I sit up and wipe some of the renegade cum droplets from around my eyes.
One of the dinosaur's approaches with a small wooden box. He leans down and opens it up,
giving me a good look at the big red button inside.
"Want some inspiration?" The dinosaur asks. "Let's go deeper."
"Where?" I ask.
"Anywhere you want?" He responds.
I press the button.