"I see that you've done secretarial work before. It was at another law firm?" The T-rex across
the desk from me asks. "Two years of experience there?"
"Yes" I tell him, trying to hide the nervous waver in my voice. "A small one."
"And why did you leave?"
"Well, I just didn't see my work leading anywhere. I'm from a small town, and the firm wasn't
quite as fulfilling as a firm like this one is." I tell him, glancing around the massive office that I sit in,
the New York skyline stretching out forever in the windows behind me. "I wanted to do more with
myself."
"You have a law degree, though." The T-rex says, as if I didn't already know this.
"Yes." I nod.
"So why are you applying for the secretary position?" He questions.
"Jobs are hard to find these days, even with my qualifications. I'm just happy to be applying for
a job with one of the leading law offices in all of New York City. It's an honor to be inside this
building."
The T-rex nods slightly, his eyes still scanning over my resume. He's incredibly hard to read,
sharp and focused. His lips form a tight line across his expressionless dinosaur face.
My heart is pounding out of my chest.
"Okay, just a few more questions." He finally says. "Have you ever worked for a dinosaur
before?"
I shake my head. "No sir, but I'm excited about the prospect."
With this, the T-rex raps on the table with his tiny little hand and stands up quickly. "Please
excuse me," He says. "I'll be right back." Seconds later, he's gone, leaving me to sit alone in his
bright luxurious office.
The room is beautifully furnished with a modern flair, a minimalist workspace that would look
perfectly at home in an architecture or contemporary design magazine.
Moments later the T-rex reenters, not wasting any time. "Alright Donny, you're the man we've
been looking for. Welcome to Jurassic Law."
I stand up in complete shock, having thoroughly convinced myself that this interview was going
terribly. I shake the T-rex's hand, briefly taking note of how cold his scaled skin is. "Thank you very
much, sir."
"You'll start tomorrow morning." He tells me.
As if my interview wasn't nerve wrecking enough, the first day of work I'm a living, breathing
ball of stress. I'm dressed as professional as I can muster without looking twenty years older than I
actually am, a sleek black suit and my dark hair parted neatly to the side.
I look good and I know it, a young, fresh-faced guy in the big city. But today I'll need a little
more help than that, Jurassic Law is notoriously hard for humans to gain any respect around the office.
I scan my keycard in the building lobby then hop inside an elevator and quickly punch the button
for floor ten. As the door begins to close a T-rex in a grey suit picks up his pace and slips inside.
"You must be Donny." He says, extending his clawed dino-hand. "I'm Tyson, Tyson Rex. Very
nice too meet you."
I shake his hand. "Nice to meet you too, Tyson." I tell him.
"I guess I'm your new boss." He says with a laugh as the elevator shoots upwards. "I'll show
you to your desk."
We reach our floor and step out into a bustling office. Tyson leads me past the front check-in
and down through a large series of corridors until we reach the main room, which is mostly a long
series of desks and doors leading to the various partners at the firm. Each desk has a T-rex answering
phones and taking messages, all of them apparently very busy this morning. As we walk past them I
receive a series of looks that could only be described as awkward, me being the new human and all,
but I don't have enough time to really consider them because moments later we are at the end of the
room in front of an empty chair. Two large double doors stand menacingly nearby.
"This is your office?" I ask, nodding at the doors.
Tyson nods. "Yes."
"How'd you get such a nice one?" I joke.
"I'm senior partner." He tells me in complete deadpan.
My face turns bright red. "Sorry, sir." I sit down in the empty chair and start straightening
things out as Tyson bursts out laughing.
"It's okay!" He says. "Don't worry about it, I know it's going to take you a few days to get the
hang of things around here but it's all pretty simple."
After giving me a brief rundown Tyson retreats back into his office though the large double
doors, leaving me to sit in front of a whole pile of unorganized papers that wait to be filed. I take a
deep breath and then clear my thoughts, time to get to work.
The minutes slowly turn into hours and somehow the stack of things that I need to organize
seems to grow larger and larger as I go, thanks mostly to the continuous delivery of more and more
paperwork from office curriers throughout the day. I feel like I am drowning in paper, trying and
failing to stay above the constant stream of white rectangles.
What's even more frustrating though, is that it seems like all of the other secretaries are doing
just fine. As the evening grows later I glance down the row of desks and realize that several of the
other workers, both human and Tyrannosaur alike, have already left and gone home, finished with the
day's organizational duties.
"Sorry." A mail boy interrupts my train of thought as he drops off yet another stack of papers on
the desk.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" I snap at him.
The guy says nothing, just turns around and hurries away. Behind him I can see the sun
disappearing slowly over the horizon line, a beautifully frustrating scene.
"Fuck." I say to myself, lowering my head onto the stack of papers in exhaustion. I lay there for
a moment and let my eyelids slip closed and my breathing slow. Just a few moments of rest, I think.
The bustling sounds of the office slip farther and farther away as I relax and let my worries drift. I'm
sinking into the darkness, letting it envelope me in it's warm, peaceful embrace.
"Donny?" A deep voice says from behind me, a cool claw on my shoulder.
My eyes shoot open. The office is completely dark and empty, the only dim lighting to been
seen is courtesy of the long row of screen savers on the computers to my right. I quickly sit up,
realizing that I'd fallen asleep. Tyson stands behind me.
"I'm so sorry, sir." I say in a panic. "I didn't mean to fall asleep, I just..." The words trail off.
"That's okay." Tyson tells me calmly, "I was planning to keep you late, anyway."
"What?" I ask, confused.
"Procedure." Tyson explains. "It's what we do on the first day for your position."
"But why?" I stammer.
"Well, to test your commitment." Tyson laughs a deep dinosaur laugh as he says this. "You
think you're going to have this much paperwork to file every day? No."
"That's a little sadistic, isn't it?" I venture, slightly pissed off now.
"Well, we are carnivores." Tyson smiles, showing two glinting rows of dagger like teeth. He
pulls out a chair across from me and sits down, face to face. "What do you want?" He asks.
"Right now?"
"From this job."
I think about his question for a moment and then finally answer. "Stability. A steady paycheck."
Tyson nods. "It's always greed with you humans isn't it?"
"Well, no."
"That's okay." Tyson nods in assurance. "That's probably the most common one. Now how
much money are we talking here?"
"How much money?"
"A million dollars? Two million dollars? What would be enough for you?"
I laugh. "That's my salary?"
"No," Tyson tells me, putting a claw over my hand. "It's a one time payment, it needs to last."
I shrug. "Okay, ten million dollars then." I throw out the first number that comes to mind.
Tyson smiles. "Great." The next thing I know, Tyson is opening a briefcase and pulling out
what appears to be some sort of legal document. He hands it to me and I read aloud.
"Contract to run a T-rex gangbang train on Donny Sullivan's gay human ass for the sum of ten
million dollars even." I can hardly say it with a straight face. "Is this a joke? What is this?"
"Exactly what it looks like."
"But I'm not gay!" I protest, shaking my head. "You want me to sign this?"
"That's up to you." Tyson says. "You're providing a service to us, and in return we will
provide a service to you, in the form of ten million dollars."
Finally, I've had enough. I'm exhausted after such a long evening and as much as I appreciate a
good practical joke on the first day, this whole game is wearing thin. I'm not going to lose it on Tyson
because, after all, he's my boss, but that doesn't mean I'm not over it and ready to head home.
"Whatever." I tell him, grabbing a pen and scribbling my name across the bottom line. "I need
to get back to my apartment."
The second that my pen leaves the page my T-rex boss stands up from his chair. "Follow me."
Tyson instructs.
I want to tell him that I need to get home, that I'm tired and sore and overworked, but it's the
first day of work and I'm not about to disobey my superior. He was joking with that contract, right?
A little bit of dinosaur on human humor?
I stand up and walk slowly towards the double doors as Tyson follows behind. Terror fills my
brain, an instinctual realization that something is terribly wrong. I've gotten in way over my head
with these tyrannosaurs rex lawyers.
As I move closer and closer the door slowly creeks open on it's own, revealing a large
boardroom with an enormous oak table positioned in the center off it. Surrounding the table are
several dinosaurs, dressed to the nines in suit and ties, watching hungrily as I approach while in the
back of the room a fireplace roars. It's terrifyingly full of rippling red flames. Tyson follows closely
as the doors close behind me.
"This is Donny!" Tyson announces to the ground. "He's the new human in the office and he's
agreed to let is show him how us T-rexes treat greedy little humans on the first day at work."
The group applauds in approval.
When I realize that the contract was not a joke I go into a complete panic. "Wait a minute, you
were being serious?" I stammer.
Tyson laughs. "Should have read the fine print, huh? Don't worry, were not going to eat you.
It's a sexual transaction, nothing more, nothing less."
I let out a sigh. Guess I'm fucking these dinosaurs tonight.
I begin stripping off my button up shirt and pulling down my slacks. I move slowly and
deliberately, revealing the black boxer briefs that were hidden underneath. As my skin hits the warm
air I shudder, a chill of arousal running down my spine. On the one hand, being out of my own control
is horrifying, yet somehow this situation is also making me incredibly horny. I'd never had a gay
experience before, nor did I particularly want to but, now that I couldn't help it, I felt a small spark
lighting somewhere deep inside of me.
Once down to my bare essentials, I step forward and climb onto the long, narrow table, making
my way across it on hands and knees. The dinosaurs seem to enjoy this, and they begin to stand up
from their chairs and gather around me, Tyson included. They gather at the edges of the table, large
enough that they tower above me while I crawl, with their green, throbbing T-rex dicks pointing out at
me from every direction.
I sit back on my knees and reach out with each hand to grab two of the monstrous shafts. The
beasts rear back and moan deeply while I stroke them, reeling from the sensation of my tight grip.
Terror fills my entire body, yet I smile up at them and, while screaming on the inside, ask, "You like
what a nasty gay boy I am?"
The dinosaurs huff and puff in approval. Eventually, they begin to switch places, taking turns
between my fingers until finally one of them has had enough and grabs my head, then forces my mouth
down around his gigantic rod. The penetration is unexpected, and I quickly find myself gagging as his
thickness presses up against the edge of my gag reflex. Tears well up in my eyes while the T-rex
pumps in and out of me until finally he lets me up and I gasp for air, frantically trying to ready myself
for the next violation. It comes fast, but this time I'm ready, relaxing my throat and letting his entire
length slip down into me, taking him deeper than even I expected I was capable. Eventually, I find my
face pressed against his green, toned abs, lapping at his balls with my tongue like a puppy while I
deep throat his cock. The beast pumps up and down, fucking my face until finally passing me onto the
next one in line, who quickly picks up where the last left off.
The prehistoric monsters continue like this for quite a while, treating me like a gay human sex
toy, then finally one of them grabs me by the ass and spins me around on the table. He takes my boxer
briefs and tears them off in one firm rip, then aligns his engorged cock with my tight ass and pushes
into me with brutal force.
I gasp out loud as the dino stretches the limits of my toned body. His Jurassic cock fills me to
the brim, yet I can't help but push my body back against him. We find a rhythm as he fucks me from
behind and, the next thing I know, another creature steps out in front, shoving his dick down my
throat. Now pinned between them, I'm helpless as the dinosaur lawyers take me from both ends.
When the one behind me pushes forward, the one before me pushes back in time, pumping together
within my body as I struggle to maintain their enormous shafts.
The most terrifying part, however, is how good it's starting to feel. By now, the fear has melted
away into something else, a deep, aching arousal that swims through my blood in the most sensual
way imaginable. Still on my hands and knees, I let one hand slip down across my stomach and onto
my throbbing cock. The stimulation is almost too much to bear, but before I get a chance to cum I
suddenly find myself being lifted off of the table in one of the monsters tiny T-rex arms.
One of the Tyrannosaurs has laid down across the dark oak in my place, his cock jutting out
from his body like a thick, powerful tower of sex. With little I can do to stop it, I'm suddenly being
lowered down onto him, facing away as my asshole draws closer and closer. I'm stopped briefly
while the beast aligns himself at my tight backdoor. I try my best to relax, breathing deep in the
clutches of the powerful monsters, but nothing I do could prepare me for the feeling of tightness as I'm
slowly pushed down onto the dino's massive, pulsing cock.
I let out of cry of both pain and pleasure, reeling from his incredible girth as a penis
substantially larger than the rest of the dinosaurs impales me. As my body reaches the hilt of his rod I
lean back against him in near shock, moaning loudly while my eyes roll back into my head. It feels as
though I'm being torn apart.
Of course, that's only the beginning of what these ancient monsters have in store for my ripped
body. Almost immediately, the T-rex that had picked me up in the first place then positions himself in
front of me. Two more of the prehistoric lawyers approach from either side and hold my legs back,
spreading me open completely as I'm hammered up the ass from below. The T-rex in front of me
aligns his cock with my already filled asshole and then pushes forward, forcefully stretching me as
both cocks fill my hole in a powerful double penetration.
I let out a scream of passion, bracing myself as they slam into me. My body trembles with every
thrust, stretched to the brink while I'm sandwiched between the two massive dinosaurs with my legs
splayed wide.
"Fuck me harder!" I find myself commanding of my own violation. "Fuck the hell out of my
tight ass with those big T-rex cocks!"
The monsters grunt and groan, obeying my commands to ram even harder.
"Is that all you've got?" I shriek, a fire in my eyes. "Treat me like the slutty fucking gay boy
that I am."
They are absolutely throttling me now, bearing down with all of their reptilian power. I can feel
myself drawing closer and closer to an orgasm as they pound me.
"Fuck me!" I yell, but the words are suddenly cut off as one of the tyrannosaurs that holds my
leg decides to grab me by the head and stuff his cock down my throat. I gag on it, taken by surprise
and trying desperately to center myself.
Suddenly, I'm completely lost in a mass of pounding erections and cold scaly flesh. I can't think
straight, although I am vaguely aware of the Jurassic monsters trading positions within me, swapping
places and making sure that everyone has a chance to ride my asshole. The aching sensation of
cumming grows stronger and stronger now and I find myself reaching down to my cock to help my
body along. I stroke myself rapidly, the sensation almost too much to bear until finally the feelings
explode within me.
I gargle a frantic squeal around the cock in my throat and then quake with ecstasy, thrashing
about while I'm debased in every hole. My stomach contracts tight, as if it's all I can do to hold
myself together during the massive waves of sensation that course from head to toe. Hot ropes of
semen eject from the end of my stiff rod.
Finally, after what feels like an eternity, the feelings pass and I collapse back onto the table in
exhaustion. The T-rex lawyers remove themselves from my ass and mouth and then drag my limp
body to the edge of the table, positioning me so that I'm bent over it with me feet on the ground and
my ass in the air.
"Let's show this human what being tyrant lizards is all about!" One of them bellows.
My dino masters form a line behind me; the whole gang of them hard and ready to blow. The
first in line steps up and then pushes his entire length deep into my asshole as a grit my teeth. He
begins to pump in and out, steadily at first and then gaining speed as he plows me with his thickness.
As his pounding reaches full tilt, the monster lets out a glorious roar and then erupts inside of me,
spilling his hot prehistoric jizz up into the farthest reached of my ass. He pushes deep and holds,
letting buckets of cum pump up into me before sliding out and letting his limp cock hang, white liquid
following closely behind as it runs down my legs in thick streaks.
The next dinosaur quickly takes his place, throttling my tight hole in the same fashion until he
pops, as well. The T-rex roars loudly and ejects his semen into my asshole, letting it mix with the
load before it.
This continues down the line until all of the ancient creatures have emptied their payloads
inside of me, a creamy mixture of dinosaur seed that covers my ass, legs and the floor beneath. When
they are all finally finish, I fall back into the chair behind me; naked, ravaged and full of cum.
The next morning I arrive at work early and head straight to my desk, rejuvenated and ready to
take on the day. I've got a lot of papers to file, so I might as well dive right in and get it done.
Strangely though, when I show up all of the paperwork has been taken care of. I check to make
sure this is actually my desk, and it is, so I sit down in my chair and suddenly find myself with nothing
to work on.
The night before is a total haze, a mixture of reality and gay dinosaur nightmare that I can't quite
fully sort out yet.
Suddenly, the mail guy appears out of nowhere. It was too good to be true, I think to myself,
preparing for the worst.
He makes his way down the row of desks, dropping off stack after stack of paperwork that
needs to be filed while I flinch with the sight of every new delivery. When the mail guy finally
reaches my desk there is nothing in his basket but a single letter with my name written across the front
in red pen. It's marked with a strange wax seal displaying the name ‘Tyson Rex'. I open it.
The first thing that falls out is a small card, which reads, ‘It was a pleasure doing business with
you. Looking forward to working late again. – Tyson'
Suddenly, I'm in complete shock. I stare down at the final contents of the envelope; a check for
ten million dollars.