Public transportation can be a real pain in the ass, especially when you're used to getting around with
your very own car, and on your very own schedule.
Even though the traffic in Los Angeles is mind numbingly bad, there is a certain Zen-like quality
to sitting behind the wheel and working your way through an hour-long podcast in your own bumper-
to-bumper cage on wheels. It's a great place to think or even just sing loudly, drumming your hands
on the dashboard with the pleasant assurance that no one else will ever hear you.
I was one of those happy commuters until just last week, when I was sideswiped off the road by
a truck and trailer in a hit and run that, apparently, doesn't mean much to the Los Angeles Police
Department.
Now I'm just waiting for my insurance company to come through with some sort of
compensation, and in the meantime I've been taking the bus too and from work.
One things for sure about public transportation though, you meet a lot of strange people when
you're hitting the evening routes. The city of angels is already full of weirdos, but the dark side of
this town really starts to show itself as soon as the sun finally disappears beneath the shimmering blue
ocean, casting the landscape in an endless shadow of strangeness until morning.
It was on one of these nights that I first heard about the Vlad.
I had just boarded and taken my seat near the back of the bus, when another rider climbed
aboard and shuffled over next to me. He was strange and old, seemingly homeless but not as dirty as
you would expect, just odd in his mannerisms.
"Nice night." The man says, sitting down a few rows in front of me on the vacant bus and then
spinning around to talk back over the seat.
"Yeah, it is." I respond, trying not to do anything that would make him any more interested in
me then he already is, yet still having the decency to be polite and answer the man's question. I
continue to stare out from the bus window as the city rumbles by us on the other side of the glass.
"You've been riding this line a lot, huh?" Continues the man, curiously. "I've seen you."
At this point, I finally look at the guy and make eye contact, taking him in completely. He seems
harmless enough, just strange.
"Yeah, I thought I recognized you." I tell the man.
Suddenly, the guy stands up and moves two rows back towards me, immediately sitting down in
the seat next to mine on an almost completely empty bus. I'm instantly uncomfortable.
"I'm gonna tell you this because I like you." The man says. "Make sure you double check the
bus you're getting on at this stop."
"Oh yeah?" I ask, my curiously piqued despite the blatant invasion of my personal space.
The strange man nods. "This is Vlad's route, too. If you're not careful you might end up turned
into a bat, or even stone cold dead."
Despite my best efforts, a mischievous grin crosses my face. I had given him the benefit of the
doubt at first, but now it has become painfully clear that, like most of the other disheveled looking
folks boarding the bus at this late hour, he is utterly insane. At least he's making my commute a little
more entertaining than usual
"Who's Vlad?" I ask, playing along.
"Bus thirteen." The man replies, staring at me with a deep and feverish intensity.
"Vlad drives thirteen?" I question.
"No, no." The man shakes his head. "Vlad is bus thirteen."
Suddenly, I realize what this strange man is talking about. Most of the Los Angeles city busses
have assigned drivers, many of which I have recently come to know quite well, but others are driven
by the sentient busses themselves. These living vehicles are rare but not unheard of, and my scoffing
at one could be seen by some as racially insensitive. Living busses have had to fight to get where
they are today, and that struggle is nothing to make light of.
Something still doesn't make sense, though.
"What do you mean turned into a bat?" I continue my line of questioning.
The man leans in, lowering his voice down to a hushed whisper. "Bus thirteen is a vampire."
I scoff loudly, unable to help myself as the mysterious man's absurd words cross my ears. Of
course he thinks the living night bus is a vampire, this is exactly the type of racially insensitive
thinking that has kept these sentient vehicles in the position that they're in, working minimum wage
jobs without any real way to pull themselves out of the lower class. Stories like this one may seem
like nothing but a little harmless fun, but when you realize the subconscious place of misdirected fear
that they are coming from, the whole idea starts to put a bad taste in your mouth.
The mysterious man can see now that he's clearly lost me, and a look of great disappointment
sweeps across his face. "You don't believe me, huh?" He asks.
I shake my head. "I'm sorry, no, and I think it's very insensitive to talk about living busses that
way."
Our vehicle soon pulls over and the strange man almost immediately stands up, heading for the
door and then climbing off onto the darkened street. As the bus pulls away he takes one final glance
back at me, his expression not one of anger or frustration, but sadness, as if he knows a terrible fate
that waits for me just around the next corner of my life.
I lean back into my seat and put on my headphones, anxious to get home.
By the next night I've completely forgotten about my bizarre warning from the evening before,
my thoughts consumed instead by an aching frustration with my job and the fact that I had to work
much later than I expected. Now, my schedule has been completely turned upside down, the usual bus
route home a thing of the past. Instead, I've been thrust into a web of late night transit maps that I
don't completely understand, especially after my brain has been fried from a long day at the office.
I arrive to my usual bus stop at this unusual time, scrolling through my phones transit app in
complete, bewildered confusion. Nothing seems to make any sense until it suddenly hits me, I've
already missed the last bus home but only a few minutes.
"Oh fuck." I say out loud, thinking back to the offer that my coworker had just made to drive me
home. I had immediately turned him down out of sheer pride, wanting to show the world, and myself,
that I can make it work and back in this big, bad city without a car of my own. I'm immediately
regretting that decision.
The streets around me are completely empty, void of the daytime hustle and bustle the usually
accompanies this part of town.
I let out a long sigh as I realize that I'll have to call a cab, which means the trip home will
probably cost me just about half of the day's earnings at work. What a fucking disaster.
I'm just about to press enter on my cell phone to call the nearest cabby when I hear a low and
familiar rumble in the distance. I look up immediately, a wave of relief washing over me as I see a
lone night bus rumbling down the street. I'm thankful for his arrival until the bus gets close enough
for me to make out the number flashing digitally across his forehead, thirteen.
The bus pulls up in front of me and stops, the doors opening to reveal not a single living soul
inside, not even a driver.
"Where are you headed?" This bus asks in a thick, Eastern European accent.
I gulp hard. "North Hollywood."
"You're in luck." The bus retorts. "That's exactly where I'm headed."
"What are the chances?" I say aloud, almost to myself as I climb aboard. The warnings from
the night before suddenly come flooding back over me as a long, cold chill runs down my spine.
The bus begins to roll onward as I take a seat next to the window, gazing out upon the darkened
city streets that pass us by.
As ridiculous as it is to believe in vampires, the bus himself had all of the features that you'd
normally associate with such devilish creatures of the night. The accent was obvious, but the vehicle
was also incredibly handsome in a dark and brooding kind of way, with huge dark eyes and a
muscular chest, with abs just barely visible underneath his large metallic frame.
My entire body is wracked with nervous tension now as I sit in silence, my thoughts flooded
with by fearsome cocktail of emotion. In my mind, I just keep repeating to myself over and over again
that vampires are not real, trying in vain to calm down. It's no use.
Suddenly, the bus speaks up, causing me to jump abruptly in my seat. "What are you doing out
this late?"
"Oh, me?" I stammer, the phrase made even more awkward by the fact that there is nobody else
on the bus with me. "They kept me for a really long time at work."
"That is most unfortunate." The vehicle responds me, his voice deep and velvety.
We sit in silence for a brief moment that, somehow, seems to stretch on forever and ever
between us.
"You are nervous." The bus finally says, the statement ringing out like a question despite the
fact that he never actually asked one.
"Yes." I say, my voice trembling now.
"Why?" The bus asks.
I think hard about how I want to answer, and then finally respond to his question with a question
of my own. "Do you have any day routes?"
The bus smirks. "I spend my days asleep in a garage at my home, I only come out for the night
shifts."
"Sure." I nod. "But don't you sometimes need a tune up during the day or anything like that?"
The bus shakes his head. "No, never."
"Interesting." I tell him, thinking hard about any other tests I could throw out there. "Are there
any church services on this route?"
"It's a little late for that." The bus laughs. "Why do you ask?"
In reality, I'm just wondering how often folks wearing crosses ride this bus, but I can't tell him
that so instead I offer a simple, "Just curious."
"You have some odd questions." The bus tells me.
I nod and then lean back into my seat, focusing once again on the darkened city that passes by
out the window.
It suddenly dawns on me that we are no longer headed towards my North Hollywood
destination, instead making our way up into the hills, farther and father away from the densely
populated areas of Los Angeles. My heart immediate starts to pound hard in my chest.
"Where are we going?" I ask. "This isn't the way."
"I thought I'd take the scenic route." The bus tells me. "If you'd like I can turn around and get
you there quicker, but I thought you might enjoy a nice drive with me."
His words should come of as menacing, but instead there is a hint of something deeper and
almost charming about his tone. I find myself intrigued by the vehicle's proposition and, dare I say,
strangely aroused.
"It's fine." I tell him. "Let's take the long way."
I realize now that my cock is growing hard within my pants, unable to escape the strange
charisma of his handsome city vehicle. It's an odd feeling, and at first I try to fight it as I recall the
dread that had so fully consumed me just moments before. Regardless of how hard I try, though, my
thoughts continue to return again and again to ones of decadent sexual attraction for this city vehicle.
As the minutes tick by, we travel farther and farther away from the lights of Los Angeles, up and
down the hill and then out towards the edge of the deep valley. We are clearly no longer taking the
long way home, but I don't mention it.
There's a part of me that's utterly terrified, yes, but at this point there's really nothing that I can
do aside from jumping from the bus while it moves and potentially hurting myself badly. Not only
that, but the fear that simmers inside of me is kind of arousing in itself.
"I know you're not taking me back to my house." I finally tell the bus, my voice trembling.
"Where am I taking you then?" The city bus replies.
"I don't know." I say. "Am I safe?"
"Yes, of course." The bus tells me. "You're my guest for the evening and you will be treated as
such. Unless you'd like to go home now?"
I think about his offer for quite a while, and then finally respond with, "No, take me wherever
you want."
"We're almost there." Says the bus.
Moments later, an incredible castle comes into view, with massive turrets and an spooky, gothic
exterior. It looks as though it's been pulled straight from the screen of an old black and white horror
film, yet it's located just a short drive outside of Los Angeles.
We pull in through the wrought iron gate and then cruise up to the front of the massive building,
it's enormous double doors towering above us. I step out of the bus and crane my neck to look up at
the castle's incredible stonework.
"Welcome." The bus says, opening the doors for me and revealing a giant entryway, which is
large enough to fit the bus as he slowly wheels inside and closes the door behind us.
"Your home is beautiful." I tell him. "But you've invited me in without even introducing
yourself."
"You know my name." The bus says in a powerful, deep tone.
"Vlad." I respond, a shiver consuming me as the word slips past my lips.
"Yes." The bus says. "And you are?"
"Rick." I tell him.
The bus nods. "Rick, you are my guest tonight at Castle Vlad, where all of your darkest
fantasies will come true."
If anyone else would have said this to me I would have laughed out loud at the innate cheesiness
of the line, but something about this city bus is so sincere, so passionate, that I don't dare make a
peep. I once considered myself a typical straight male, but at this point I am utterly taken with the
vehicle and his dark charms.
"Come with me" The bus says, continuing deeper into the house with a faint mechanical rumble.
The stairs of the castle have been remodeled since whenever they were built, now replaced by
large stone ramps that are big enough for the vehicle to climb up and down with ease.
I follow Vlad to the upper landing where he stops in front of a beautiful fireplace that's inlaid
with all kinds of stonework ghosts and goblins. There's a beautiful, red velvet chair next to the
fireplace that Vlad motions for me to sit in, and I don't hesitate.
Almost immediately, the hearth erupts in a ball of glorious orange flame, lit spontaneously as if
by some magical means. I can't help but gasp and pull away, but as the warmth begins to wash over
me and the firelight shimmers across the stone walls, I settle in.
I'm finally relaxed enough to ask this beautiful bus something I've been dying to know ever
since he picked me up.
"Tell me," I start, eyeing up the Los Angeles city vehicle curiously. "Are you a vampire?"
Vlad smiles, much wider now than any time previously, and reveals two massive fangs
protruding from his upper gums. "What do you think?"
"Yes." I respond nervously. I quickly follow up. "Are you going to kill me? Or turn me into a
bat?"
There is an awkward pause and then suddenly the large passenger vehicle bursts out laughing.
"No, I'm not going to kill you. Of course not."
I let out a long sigh of relief.
"The blood drinking vampires of the past are long gone, slowly brought to extinction by their
insistence of such a particular and rare diet." The bus explains. "I mean, I love blood, don't get me
wrong, it's just hard to dine when you have to kill someone every time you're hungry."
"So what do you drink now?" I ask.
Vlad cracks a knowing grin. "Cum."
I was already hard before, but suddenly my arousal is kicked into overdrive.
"Have you ever been with a city bus?" Vlad asks, rolling towards me slowly.
"Once." I tell him. "In college."
"How about a vampire?" He asks, now so close to me that I can feel the heat of his engine
radiating against my aching body.
"Never." I tell the vampire.
Suddenly, the arousal I feel for Vlad overtakes me completely. I tear off my shirt and then press
myself against his warm bus body, kissing him hard.
"I want you." I tell the vampire vehicle, breathlessly. "I want to pleasure you like you deserve
to be pleasured."
"Then do it." Says the bus with a cool confidence.
"Where's that fucking cock of yours?" I demand to know.
Vlad motions over his shoulder. "Inside."
There is a loud hiss as the doors open and I quickly climb aboard, walking back through the
rows and rows of seats until I find it, a massive dick that projects proudly from the back wall of the
bus.
"Fuck, you're so big!" I call out to him, wondering how I hadn't noticed this cock before.
"I know." Says the vampire bus.
I immediately drop down to my knees and get to work, taking his fat rod between my lips and
then pumping my face up and down along Vlad's hard shaft. I can feel the bus shudder and tremble
below me, clearly enjoying himself as I service him.
After a while of this I finally get up the courage to attempt a deep throat, taking a long breath
and then pushing his cock as hard as I can against the back of my throat. Unfortunately, something
deep within me just doesn't want to give way and moments later I come up for air with a loud gasp.
"Too much for you?" The bus laughs.
"Never." I tell him, trying once again but this time relaxing myself entirely. I push his dick
lower and lower into me, his length sinking deep within my neck until finally it drifts past my gag
reflex and hits bottom. My nose is now pressed hard against the metallic back wall of the vehicle, his
balls hanging lightly against my chin while I hold him here.
Vlad let's out a long, satisfied moan, savoring the sensation of being completely consumed.
Finally, when I've just about ran out of air completely, I pull back with a loud gasp and let the
giant rod pop out of my mouth. A strand of saliva runs from the head of his shaft to my lips,
connecting the two of us together.
"You're cock is so fucking beautiful." I gush. "I've never been with another man, or bus,
before, but I think I'm ready to take things even farther."
"I think you are, too." Vlad says.
I stand up and then quickly remove my pants, tossing them onto one of the seats as I spin around
and back my bare, muscular ass up against the tip of his throbbing member. I tease the bus playfully,
placing his huge dick right at the entrance of my butthole and allowing him to tease the rim.
I play with Vlad like this for a while until finally having mercy and pushing myself back onto his
rod, which slips slowly inside of my butt. I let out an aching moan. My body is barely equipped to
take his enormous size, but somehow I manage as my asshole stretches to its absolute limits. My
entire being is flooded with a mixture of pain and pleasure, which transitions towards pure ecstasy
with every pump that I make against Vlad's giant dick.
"How do you like that vampire bus cock?" Vlad demands to know, impaling me perfectly with
his rock hard shaft. "Do you love that huge public transportation dick up your tight little asshole?"
"I love it!" I tell him. "I fucking love it!"
I'm hammering against his massive rod hard now, slamming the back wall of the bus with
everything I've got until suddenly the entire metallic frame around me start to tremble and shake with
an impeding orgasm.
"Oh my dark lord of the night!" The bus begins to stammer as the fire roars next to us. "Oh my
dark lord of the night! Oh my dark lord of the fucking night!"
Each time Vlad repeats the phrase it grows a little louder until suddenly he's howling it at the
top of his lungs. Seconds later, the bus is erupting within my asshole, his jizz blasting hard into me in
a series of pulsing ejections. I push back against his length and hold, Vlad's dick fully inserted within
as it continues to twitch and spasm. There is so much milky sperm that, seconds later, it comes
spilling out from the tightly packed edges of my asshole and runs down my muscular legs in thick,
pearly streaks.
"Oh fuck." I groan as I finally pull back, allowing Vlad's rod to slip out of me, followed by a
tidal wave of spunk from my asshole. The mess of cum splatters down onto the bus floor below me.
"Now it's your turn." The vampire says. "Feed me."
I step out of the vehicle and walk around to the front as the fireplace continues to rage next to us.
"You want this cock?" I demand to know.
"Feed me!" The bus repeats.
"You much really want this fucking load, huh?" I continue, egging him on.
"Feed me!" Booms Vlad, his tone growing more and more impatient.
"What if I want you to beg me for it?" I ask.
Suddenly, the large velvet chair from across the room comes flying towards me, hitting me at the
back of the knees and knocking me off of my feet. I land in the sitting position on its soft cushion. I'm
carried forward towards the bus until I'm pressed right up against his massive, face, telekinetically
held in place.
The vampire vehicle opens his mouth and takes me inside, swallowing graciously as he
immediately gets to work with a series of slow, deliberate pumps. I throw my head back and close
my eyes, savoring every moment of the vampire's wet lips as they travel up and down my length,
wrapped tightly and expertly. With every pulse the bus grows faster, working me with an expert
precision unlike anything I could ever have imagined.
His blowjob skills are more than any human could provide.
Soon enough. my entire body is quaking with ecstasy, the orgasmic sensations flooding through
me in wave after looming wave. I clench my teeth, preparing for the intense sensation to hit and when
it finally does I hiss loudly, my entire being overwhelmed by pleasure.
"I'm cumming!" I finally yell, my eyes rolling back into my head.
I can feel my load shoot hard into Vlad's waiting mouth and he swallows it immediately,
sucking me down hungrily and then continuing to coax more of the seed out of me. Pumps of jizz erupt
into the vampire's throat until, finally, I find myself completely dry and I fall back into the velvet
chair, the bus throwing himself into reverse and pulling away slowly.
"That was fucking incredible." I tell the vampire. "Thank you."
Vlad smiles. "The pleasure was all mine."
"Really though," I continue, laying it on thick. "I didn't know what to expect when I first came
up here to this castle, but I'm glad I trusted you. This was one of the best nights of my life." I
suddenly crack a wry smile. "Thanks for not turning me into a bat."
Vlad grins back at me, his fangs glinting in the faint moonlight that streams through the windows
above us. "Of course I wouldn't turn you into a bat."
Suddenly, I start to feel a strange sensation wash over me, my body aching from head to toe in a
strange and unfamiliar way. I look down at my hands and see that they are changing color, becoming
gray and tough.
"What the fuck!" I shout, trying to stand but immediately falling to the floor.
Vlad is cackling manically. "I won't turn you into a bat, but I never said anything about turning
you into a bus!"
I can feel my body morphing and changing, elongating itself rapidly into the shape of a public
transportation vehicle. "No!" I cry out, the sound of my voice transforming into a wild honk that
echoes off of the castle walls.