A familiar but sharp ringing cuts through my headset, and I immediately reach up to press the "answer
call" button.
"Hello, this is Josh Gorpin, Blue's Brownies Incorporated." I say, leaning back into my chair
and giving myself a spin. Spinning is one of the few luxuries that I have here in this cramped cubicle.
"Josh, it's Peter." Comes the voice on the other end.
I roll my eyes. "Dude, why do you keep distracting me? I've got so much work to get done
today before five."
"Oh shit." Peter offers. "Sorry man, I was just kind of bored over here."
Peter and I are both hard workers with comfortable salary jobs, but I often find myself being
very jealous of the relaxed environment at his office, which just happens to be located a few miles
east of my own looming high rise.
This company has a more traditional work environment, while Peter seems to have all the time
in the world to send me goofy emails and completely inappropriate attachments.
"Did you check out that link I sent you?" Peter continues.
"Yeah." I tell him, maximizing my email and staring at the pixelated message that sits unopened
on my screen. "Well, I mean no, I didn't open it."
"Why not?" Peter cries out.
"Dude, you wrote ‘not safe for work' in the title and then sent it over to me while you know I'm
at work." I explain, slightly frustrated. "You're gonna get me fired."
"Oh god, no I'm not." Peter counters, mockingly.
"You're not even supposed to be calling me on this line, this is my work phone." I continue.
"Yeah, but on this line you get to use your headset and I know how much you like that." My
friend says with a laugh.
I know that he's just messing with me, but Peter is actually correct about the headphone thing so
I let it slide. As ridiculous as it sounds, talking on the headset feels pretty bad ass.
"So what is it?" I ask. "I'm not going to open it at work so you might as well just tell me."
Peter sighs. "Well, it's better if you just look at it, but fine. Do you know who Buck Trungle
is?"
I begin to flip a pencil up into the air and catch it as we talk. "Nope. Tell me."
"An author." Peter explains. "Like…"
I stop throwing the pencil. "Like?"
Peter sighs. "This sucks trying to explain. You kind of just have to look at the covers of his
books. They're crazy."
"Crazy how?" I continue to prod.
"Like super weird and totally gay." Peter tells me.
"Why would I want to look at gay book covers?" I question. "I'm straight."
"Hey, me too!" Peter protests, "But they're so funny dude, you've gotta check them out. One is
called Space Raptor Butt Invasion."
I can't help up laugh. "Seriously? Raptor like the dinosaur?"
"Yes!" Peter shouts. "There's a bunch about dinosaurs, and unicorns, too. There's even one
about fucking a plane called I'm Gay For My Billionaire Jet Plane!"
"Is he for real?" I ask.
"I don't know." Peter admits. "I mean, it seems like he is but its kind of hard to tell
sometimes. Like, this new book… I don't even know what to say about it."
There is something strange is Peter's tone as he tells me this, a powerful weight to his words
that sets me ever so slightly on edge.
"What's the name of the new book?" I ask.
There is silence on the other end of the line. I wait for a brief moment and then try again.
"Peter, what's the name of the new book?"
"Oh, sorry." My friend suddenly apologizes, ripped back into reality from whatever spaced out
zone he was just occupying. "I think you should check it out for yourself."
"Dude, just tell me." I protest.
"It's in the link." Peter counters, an odd flatness in his voice. "Hey, I've gotta go."
"You have to go?" I scoff. "What, did someone finally give you something to do over there?"
The line abruptly goes dead.
"Peter?" I ask. It takes me a moment to realize that he's actually gone and when I finally do I'm
not exactly sure what to make of it. Regardless, it's probably for the better because I can finally stop
being distracted and get some work done for a change.
I pull my chair back towards my desk and place a stack of papers in front of me, pulling off the
top few and then diving in to scan for mistakes. Right now I'm editing internal documents regarding
our acquisition of a brand new company; nothing exciting in any way, shape or form, but it's
something that has to get done.
Eventually, though, my thoughts begin to wander away from the task at hand, settling on the tiny
yellow mail icon that remains unopened on my computer screen.
"Not safe for work." I read aloud.
This type of warning is standard for things forwarded around in an environment like mine, a not
so subtle suggestion to save it until you get home. The problem, however, is that it's so fucking
vague. Does it mean that the content inside is hardcore pornography, or just some silly joke with a
little swearing?
I drag my mouse's arrow across the computer screen, letting it hover above the unopened letter
from Peter as my heart rate quickens. Might as well live a little, I think to myself.
I'm just about to click, when suddenly my phone rings through my headset once again. I reach
up and click the button to talk. "Hello, this is Josh Gorpin, Blue's Brownies Incorporated."
"Josh!" Peter shouts loudly into my ears, causing me to wince. I can immediately tell that
something is wrong.
"What's going on over there?" I ask my friend.
Peter ignores my question. "Josh, whatever you do, don't open the email."
"What?" I question, not exactly sure if I heard him correctly.
"Whatever you do, do not open that email I sent you." Peter repeats.
I notice now that there is an unusual amount of noise in the background of Peter's office, a
cacophony of sounds making their way through the receiver. It sounds like a mixture of violent
shouting and long, low groans.
"Dude, what's going on over there?" I ask.
"Josh, just listen to me." Peter says again, his voice growing frantic. "Oh shit…"
Suddenly, the line goes dead again, prompting me to finally conclude that this entire thing has
been some kind of tasteless practical joke.
I'm about to open the email when suddenly I'm interrupted yet again by Raxlo, the head of
human resources, who appears in the doorway of my cubicle.
"Hey, Josh." Raxlo starts. "There's a forward going around about this Buck Trungle guy, do
you know what I'm talking about?"
I freeze abruptly, then slowly spin in my chair to face Raxlo. I hesitate before answering, not
exactly sure if I should admit to anything at this point. Eventually, I decide to play my hand close to
the chest.
"Oh, no I don't." I tell him, playing dumb. "Who's that?"
"God." Raxlo says, straight faced.
I eye him up and down, trying to discern if he's fucking with me or not, but despite Raxlo's
awkwardness he appears to be genuine in his answer.
"God?" I ask.
Raxlo nods. "To me and you, yes. Not to them out there."
I'm utterly confused, but I decide to simply nod in response. "Okay. Well, I don't know him."
"You can go home early then." Raxlo informs me. "Everyone else is having a meeting in the
conference room."
"Are you serious?" I question, but Raxlo leaves before I can even get the words out of my
mouth.
I stand up from my chair and look around the rest of the office, noticing now that well over half
of the employees have stood, as well, and are now making their way to the main conference room.
Sufficiently creeped out, I reach down and grab my bag, then begin heading towards the
elevator.
Already within the conference room, I can see a handful of my coworkers undressing in front of
the large paned windows, but the second we make eye contact one of them walks over and draws the
blinds.
Something is definitely wrong here, but for the life of me I just can't seem to put my finger on it.
Instead, I find myself panicking, trying to calm myself as I ride the elevator down to the first floor and
then heading out into our office's parking lot. My heart is slamming in my chest, my senses on high
alert as I climb into my ride and pull out onto the street.
"Holy shit!" I suddenly cry out as I swerve to avoid two twenty-something men who are
standing right in the middle of the road. I hit the breaks and look back in my rear view mirror, ready
to start apologizing profusely until I realize that they are completely oblivious of me and my big, loud
car.
Instead, the men are locked in the troughs of passion, fucking each other with reckless abandon
in the middle of the street. Their pants are around their ankles as they slam into one another, crying
out with unbridled passion.
I throw my car back into drive and continue on my way.
By now I've begun to notice other couples, and sometimes more, slamming into each other
without a care in the world. It makes absolutely no sense, especially when I realize the strange
coincidence that all of these illicit pairings are gay.
There are very few other cars on the street, and the handful of other drivers that I see seem just
as confused as I am, terrified looks plastered across their faces as they attempt to navigate through
this surreal, new world.
I reach down and flip on the radio, hoping to find some information about whatever's going on.
"He really is an incredible author." Says a female announcer. "And with this new book, Buck
Trungle has finally skyrocketed into the mainstream."
"I'll say." Responds the announcer's male counterpart. "Some people are starting to call on
Dr. Trungle to run for president of the United States, including President Yuldok himself who is,
apparently, a big fan of the new book."
"I think we all are." Says the female announcer, laughing.
"Well, to those of you just joining us, I'm Talp Bornin and this is my co-host Hedge Wizarp."
The man says. "And we've just entered the second hour of our twenty four hour special on world-
renowned author, Buck Trungle."
"Honestly, It's going so well that I think we might want to extend this to a whole week!"
Interjects Hedge.
"Or year!" Counters Talp. "To bad we won't be around that long, we're already halfway
done!"
"For those of you not already aware, Buck Trungle is the author of such masterpieces as
Pounded By President Bigfoot, My Ass Is Haunted By The Gay Unicorn Colonel, and Pounded In
The Butt By My Own Butt." Explains Hedge. "The latter of those was hailed as a transhumanist
masterpiece and prompted Trungle to follow up with the sequel Pounded In The Butt By My Book
"Pounded In The Butt By My Own Butt."
"Sounds very meta." Adds Talp.
"Oh, it is." Agrees Hedge. "For those listeners who don't know, ‘meta' is a word used to
describe anything that is self referential. Things that break the fourth wall and, often, ask the audience
themselves to become a participant."
"Ooh, very interesting." Talp says. "And a perfect segue into Dr. Trungle's newest ‘Trungler'."
"Yes!" Replies Hedge. "Some are saying that this new book is so meta that it has literally
made us start to question our own existence, suggesting that the entire world we live in could literally
be a work of erotic fiction."
Both of the anchors laugh simultaneously.
"We have plenty of reports that hearing the title alone will turn you instantly gay." Explains
Talp. "Which is why we are going to tell you all about it right now."
Just then I reach my house and pull up into the driveway, turning off my car and hopping out.
The street appears empty but I can hear the passionate moans and groans of gay sex echoing across the
block. I immediately head inside, locking the door behind me.
Now that I'm here, however, I have no idea what to do with myself. Is the world going to make
any more sense from inside my living room? Will I wake up in the morning and everything is back to
normal?
I sit down in front of my television and turn it on, hoping to ease my anxiety and take my mind of
the craziness of the outside world, but instead my vision is assaulted by sudden and graphic
depictions of gay sex. I scramble to change the channel and quickly realize that every station has been
somehow converted into hardcore pornography.
"What the fuck?" I say aloud, finally opting to turn the television off entirely. "What the hell is
going on?"
Finally, I just can't take it anymore, I reach over to the coffee table before me and grab my
laptop, opening it up and immediately logging into my email. I place my cursor over the unopened
letter icon and take a deep breath.
Finally, I click.
The message opens up onto my screen, a few simple sentences followed by a link at the bottom.
"Dude, have you seen this guy?" I read Peter's words aloud. "This shit is so crazy, you've
gotta check out the title of his new book."
I click the link below.
Suddenly, a massive book cover appears on my screen, revealing the title, Reamed By My
Reaction To The Title Of This Book and instantly turning me gay. All of my senses are overwhelmed
with a glorious bright light that hums across my entire body, elevating me to a higher plane of
consciousness where I become acutely aware that I am nothing more than a character in a short story.
On one hand you would think that this would be a terrifying notion, but you must also consider the fact
that you, the reader, are also now aware that you're simply a character in an erotic short, and you are
not terrified in the least.
Is it simply because you are not ready to accept it yet? Or because you've always known?
I suddenly realize that my eyes have been closed this entire time and when I open them, my
reaction to the title is hovering right in front of me, glowing with a beautiful bright light like the
whiteness of a book page or this very kindle screen. It has assumed as physical form, an undulating
blob of beautiful, explicit gayness that drifts closer and closer to me.
"I can't believe I'm just a character in a book." I finally say.
The reaction simply exists before me, not saying a word but soothing my soul from the inside
out. A smile crosses my face.
"I'd love for you to fuck me." I continue.
"Good." Says the reaction. "Because the better you do, the more likely our dear readers will
be able to accept that they too, have been turned gay by their reaction to this book. They have no idea
that they are figments of Chuck Tingle's imagination, and the sooner that they realize this, the sooner
we can all join in harmony."
"I understand." I tell my reaction.
I slip down off of the front of the couch and push back the coffee table, making room for the
physical representation of my own emotional state, then reach out and grab his cock firmly in my
hand. My reaction is absolutely gorgeous; tan, muscular and sporting an incredible set of abs that has
to be seen to be believed.
"You like that?" I ask, playfully.
"You know what I like." Says the reaction. "You know everything about me."
Immediately, I open wide and take the manifestation's rod into my mouth, pumping up and down
across the length of his shaft with expert precision. Despite never being with a man before, I
suddenly realize that I am a fictional character and can be anything that I want. In fact, before the
events of this book, a point at which I did not exist, I decide that I spent hours upon hours in the gym.
The next thing I know, I am just as ripped as my reaction is.
I continue to bob my head across my reactions cock with feverish intensity, gradually speeding
up until finally I plunge deep and hold, taking his shaft entirely into my mouth in a stunning deep
throat. The reaction let's out a long, satisfied moan of pleasure as I hold him there, running my tongue
across the bottom of his shaft and tickling his balls.
The reaction's rod is planted firmly in my mouth, my face pressed hard against his incredible,
muscular abs. He places his hands against the back of my head, asserting his dominance until finally
I'm almost completely out of air and pull back with a loud gasp.
A long strand of saliva hangs down from my lips, providing me just enough lube to beat my
reaction off frantically for a moment. I stand abruptly, tearing off my shirt and pants and throwing
them to the side. My underwear comes next, and soon enough I'm completely naked in front of this
incredible being. The manifestation eyes me up hungrily.
"Do you like what you see?" I coo.
"Yes." The reaction tells me. "Aside from a few spelling errors you've been written
perfectly."
I smile and turn around, leaning forward over the couch in front of me and popping my ass out
towards my strange new lover. I reach back and grab my ass cheek with one hand, spreading open my
puckered hole.
"Ream me." I command.
The reaction positions himself behind me, carefully aligning the head of his shaft with the
tightness of my back door and then slowly pushing forward, impaling me with a brutal strength. I grip
the back of the couch tightly and brace myself against the reaction's powerful thrusts.
My reaction's cock is absolutely enormous, stretching my tight asshole to its very limits as he
plunges in and out of me. The manifestation quickly finds a steady pace, pounding in a perfect rhythm
that hits my prostate just right from the inside. I close my eyes tight as a strange pleasure begins to
boil within me, starting as an aching simmer and then expanding down my arms and legs as I begin to
tremble. I quake with ecstasy, wrapped up in the moment as I reach down between my legs and grab
onto my hard, hanging shaft.
"Fuck!" I groan. "I'm so fucking close to blowing this huge load."
"Oh, I'm not finished with you yet." My reaction says, pulling out of my ass abruptly and lifting
me up into his massive arms. He turns around and then lays me out across the coffee table, spreading
my muscular legs wide as my cock juts out from my body.
My reaction wastes no time getting back to work, pounding away at my maxed out asshole with
everything that he's got as I reach down and beat myself off. Then sensation is incredible, a fullness
unlike anything I have ever experienced.
"I can't believe my reaction to this book title knows how to fuck me so good!" I cry out.
"Believe it!" The reaction exclaims, driving the point home with his rock hard shaft.
Once more, I begin to approach the wall of a powerful orgasm but, before I can, the reaction has
one last surprise.
"Look back." The manifestation says.
I lean my head over the edge of the coffee table so that I'm upside down, staring out behind me.
"Do you see them?" My reaction asks.
"No." I admit.
"Look harder then, you filthy little twink!" The manifestation demands, slapping me hard on the
ass.
"All I see is my wall." I tell him.
"Don't look with your eyes." My reaction explains. "Look with your mind. You know that
you're not real now, so why would that wall be?"
His words make more sense than I'd like to admit and, almost immediately, I find myself gazing
past the wall and through the words on this page, seeing my readers themselves.
"Holy shit, is that who I think it is?" I gasp, my reaction never letting up for a second as he
hammers away at my butthole.
"It is." The reaction says. "Now cum for them!"
My entire body begins to quake with an incredible pleasure, sending spastic convulsions of
bliss up and down my spine. I bite my lip, tears rolling down my cheeks as I grapple with the intense
joy and strange hollowness of realizing that, as soon as you stop reading this, I will cease to exist.
Moments later, I cum harder than I ever have, screaming out with a howl that can be heard for miles
upon miles around us. I sound vibrates through the letters on this very page.
I am leaving my body, splitting into a million pieces as I change form into something completely
unknown that travels out across the universe in every direction. I realize now that my fears of
disappearing were unfounded, and as I leave this dimension and enter yours I am overwhelmed with
joy, understanding that I will not disappear once the book is finished, but instead live on through the
memories of you, my dear reader.
You are also within a book, but a much, much longer one.
Suddenly, I am thrust back into my fictional body. My reaction pushes deep into my asshole and
holds tight, expelling a massive load of jizz up into my reamed butt. He fills me with pump after
pump of hot spunk until there is no more room left and his semen comes spurting out from the tightly
packed edges of my ass. It runs down my cheeks onto the coffee table below until my reaction pulls
out and the cum spills forth like a tidal wave of pearly milk.
"That was incredible." I tell my reaction. "Thank you for helping me see the truth."
"I am only your reaction." The manifestation tells me. "I was only showing you something that
you already knew. Do you still fear the end of this book?"
I let out a long sigh. "No, not really. I understand now that I will exist in another way, not just
blink out like a light. It's still scary though."
My reaction looks to the page number. "Well, you still have some time left, it's just barely too
short and Chuck like's to keep things over four thousand words, at least."
"That's not a lot of time." I tell him. "I almost wish I would have never known."
"Well that would be easier, but you no longer have that choice." My reaction tells me with a
knowing grin. "So what do you want to do with the rest of your precious words?"
"We need to stop talking!" I shout, suddenly realizing that every word from my mouth is a waste
of valuable space.
"Okay." Agrees my reaction with a nod.
I stand up, trying to do as little as possible to avoid unnecessary descriptions, then realizing my
effort is futile as my attempts to avoid wordiness only provokes it even more.
I walk to my front door and pull it open, then head out into the middle of the street where one of
my neighbors is already waiting for me.
"We've only got a few words left, might as well enjoy them." I say with a smile.
The neighbor and me start to make out, caressing each other's bodies and then eventually falling
to our knees right there in the middle of the road. My neighbor positions himself behind me and
pushes his cock deep into my tight asshole.
"I don't want this to end." I say, more to the author than anyone else. "I know that I'll live on
forever in the people who read this and their posts and tweets but… can't I just stay here forever,
too?
The author has mercy on me with four simple words.
We continue fucking forever.