As I see him climb out of the pool, abs rippling while the water cascades down off of his incredible
body, I try my hardest to look away and avert my bumbling stare.
"Is it him?" my friend Jonah asks me, glancing over the top of his sunglasses.
"I don't know," I reply, honestly not quite sure.
The thing is, it looks exactly like him; tall with tan skin and broad shoulders, a little crooked to
the right and a vast empire of agriculture throughout the middle. But if this is the case, and we
actually are staring at the shirtless form of the hot and sexy state of California, then why is he here on
the East Coast?
"Go talk to him," Jonah urges me, elbowing me in the side as we watch from the pool bar.
"I don't think it's him," I say. "What would be doing all the way over here in Miami?"
Jonah shrugs. "Taking a vacation? I don't see why not, everybody has to get out of town
sometime."
"Yeah, but not everyone has Hollywood to run," I tell him.
"Oh my god, don't look. Here he comes." Jonah says suddenly, trying to get me to avert my eyes
but failing miserably as I instinctually glance upwards and come face to face with the handsome state
of California.
The striking geographical location smiles wide and sits down at the bar next to us.
"Avocado Shirley Temple," says the state to a bartender, who immediately gets to work fixing
California's drink. The geographical location turns to me and extends a hand.
"I'm California," he says with a cool and calm tone.
"Plurk Borden," I tell him.
We shake firmly and then California turns to Jonah, repeating his introduction.
"I'm gonna be honest with you, I came over here to introduce myself because I caught you
staring," explains the state. "I don't want you to be embarrassed, though. I just had to tell you that up
front."
Jonah and me exchange glances, mortified.
"See, now you're embarrassed," laughs California, "I'm not trying to be a dick here. I'm just
honest."
I shake it off, trying to center myself in the presence of such a well-loved state. "No, no, thanks
for mentioning something."
"People see celebrities and they never know if it's okay to come and say hello, you know?"
California explains. "I just think that it's way better to come right up and get it out of the way, just lay
it all out there and let people know that you're a real guy who you can approach and say hello to."
"Well, not everyone's like that," I tell him. "Especially not all states."
"Just the good ones!" California laughs.
"We met Ohio the other day and he was kind of a dick," Jonah ads.
Just then the state's drink arrives, a green swirling beverage that looks absolutely delicious in a
manly kind of way.
"So what are you doing all the way out here in Louisiana?" I ask.
The state takes a long sip from his drink, staring out across the pool with a look of quiet
contemplation on his face. He seems lost in thought, his mind drifting away to some moment from
long, long ago.
"Just had to get out of town for a while," California tells me.
"But don't you have, you know, people to take care of?" I ask. "Where are they all living while
you're away?"
"I try not to think about it too much." California tells me. "I mean, I'm sure they're okay. They'll
figure it out."
There is an awkward silence for a moment; the three of is sitting and watching people splash
about in the cool pool water before us.
"So what's the happening place around here?" asks California. "Where do you guys go for fun?"
"Well, we've got all kinds of clubs in Miami if that's your scene," I tell him.
"Nah," the state says, shaking his head. "I'm looking for something down and dirty; a local dive,
you know?"
"There's a bar near Plurk's house that we go to a lot," Jonah suggests, "it's called The Giggling
Fingers, right down the street from Thurps Boulevard."
"Thurps Boulevard?" the state yells, spitting out his drink with shock and amazement. "You live
down the street from Thurps Boulevard?"
"I do," I tell him, confused by what could possibly be so hilarious about this simple fact.
"That's where I live!" California explains. "What's your address?"
"532 Thurps," I answer.
"This is too crazy, I just moved into 533," yells California, overflowing with excitement at our
incredible connection. "What are the chances?"
"One in a million," I tell him, "which means you need to come out with us tonight."
It's a long shot, but I take it.
"I think you're right," says the state with a smile. "Meet you there at ten?"
My heart skips a beat as California says this, shocked that such a well known and handsome
celebrity state is interested in hanging out with a couple of common folk like me and my friend. When
Jonah and I came to the neighborhood pool on this scorching hot summers day, we had no idea what
we'd end up chatting, and especially not making plans, with such an incredible location.
California finishes his drink and then stands up. "Well, I'm gonna go get back into the pool, it's
too hot out here. I'll see you guys at ten, though."
"Sounds good," I offer as the state strolls away and then leaps into the water with a beautiful,
graceful dive.
Jonah looks over at me, but not with the expression that I was expecting.
"Did that seem kind of… weird to you?" my friend asks.
"If by weird you mean awesome, then yeah it was pretty weird." I scoff.
Jonah struggles to find his words. "What are the chances of him coming to this pool at the same
time that we're here, and then approaching us, and then just happening to live right across the street
from you?" my friend finally asks.
I shake my head, confused at what exactly Jonah is trying to get at. "So?"
"So… I don't know, it just seems weird," Jonah offers.
We watch as the state does laps back and forth across the pool, enjoying the presence of water
that he has been craving so desperately back on the West Coast.
"You're just jealous that he was talking to me more than you," I finally counter.
"Why would I care about that?" Jonah questions.
"Because he's famous and cute," I explain.
Jonah just stares at me blankly. "I don't get it, you're straight."
I scoff. "Please," I tell him, "it doesn't count if it's a state. I'd never bang a dude, but locations
are a totally different thing."
"Really?" Jonah counters, skeptically.
"Dude, it's cool if it's between a man and a state of the union, everyone knows that," I tell him.
Jonah finally accepts this and shrugs, then turns back to the bartender. "Can I try one of those
Avocado Shirley Temples?"
The bar is quiet tonight; the usual weekend crowd all partied out on this lazy Sunday evening.
Me, Jonah and California has found ourselves a booth at the back of the bar and are sharing a bowl of
peanuts as we imbibe copious amounts of beer.
California explains to us that these peanuts were harvested on him and we don't believe it, at
first, until he shows us the actual location, a beautiful, lush peanut orchard near Redding.
We can't bring our beers to the orchard, but it's beautiful enough to leave them at the bar for a
while and take a long walk down the rows and rows of incredible peanut trees, enjoying the warm
California air on our skin.
In Redding it is still three hours ahead, so the sunset blooms big and beautiful over our heads,
turning the skies above an imperial violet.
"This makes me want to move," Jonah says, "it really is beautiful here."
"Totally," I agree.
"Thanks guys," says the state. "You're making me blush!"
"It's amazing," I tell the celebrity location, laying it on thick, "I just wish we had a better view
of the sunset."
I make the sunset remark completely off handedly, not at all request for a change of scenery but
simply musing out loud with my own random thought process. California, however, seizes the moment
and then the next thing I know we are on the Santa Monica beach, looking out across the seemingly
endless expanse of water before us as the sun makes its final exit below the horizon line.
"Whoa," is all that I can say, the word falling limply from my lips.
"It's weird seeing the sun from this side," Jonah observes. "I'm so used to the sunrise to being
over the water you know?"
California laughs. "Crazy. That's exactly what Plurk said when he was here last year."
The second that these words cross my ears I freeze, glancing over at Jonah to see if he had
noticed anything unusual about that sentence, as well. He clearly has, and now the two of us find
ourselves in an incredibly awkward situation.
"Well, I think that's all for tonight," I finally say.
Back in the bar, I stand up and shake California's hand, trying to be as casual as I can.
"You guys are out of here?" the state asks.
"Yeah, it's getting pretty late," I tell him.
California looks at his watch. "It's not even midnight yet, you should have another beer!"
"I don't know," Jonah chimes in. "I'm pretty exhausted."
I now notice a strange look working its way across California's face. He seems to have realized
something and this new perspective has immediately permeated his entire mood, causing him to tense
up significantly.
"You seem like something's wrong," the state says. "Listen, I know that I can come off as a little
awkward sometimes but it's just because I never really learned how to talk to people. I was a child
star, you know?"
I listen intently, still not buying the nice guy act. Something is definitely creepy about this costal
state of the union.
"Honestly, I wanted to come out here to find myself, because I knew that situations like this
make me uncomfortable," California explains. "I knew that I was going to have a hard time finding
friends and… I remembered you visiting and you seemed really nice."
I fully expect his admission to send me into a tailspin of discomfort but, instead, something
entirely different happens; my heart breaks. I actually find myself feeling a little bad for the guy. He
may be a tad bit creepy, but it's also incredibly hard moving to a brand new state entirely on your
own.
"But, you didn't just come out here because of me did you?" I ask, bluntly. "I mean, I don't even
know you."
California shakes his head and laughs. "No, of course not! I have other friends in Miami."
I can tell that Jonah is still significantly creeped out, but despite my better judgment I sit back
down into the booth. Besides, California is a celebrity and the longer we hang out that crazier of a
story this will make.
I let out a long sigh. "Alright, one more drink."
California smiles, clearly pleased as he orders us another round.
Two hours later and we all find ourselves stumbling home, making the short walk back towards
Thurps Boulevard together with alcohol on our breath and sleep on our minds. I'm utterly exhausted
after finding myself on edge the whole night, attempting to balance the discomfort I felt from
California's subtle creepiness with the aching attraction that I was simultaneously developing for the
state.
It was definitely a brain vs. dick situation, and right now my brain was taking a pummeling.
When we finally get to our houses, the group of us begins to part ways, Jonah heading to his car
while me and the Golden State stand talking for a moment. We wave to Jonah as he strolls over to his
car, clearly a lot more sober than California and me at this point.
Before he leaves, Jonah flashes me a slightly concerned look but I brush it off, honestly starting
to greatly suspect that he is nothing more than jealous of attention I've been receiving from this
handsome celebrity location.
"So are you all moved in over there?" I ask California, the taillights of Jonah's car disappearing
off into the distance.
"Yeah," he says. "I mean, I'm a state so I don't really have that much stuff as far as furniture
goes."
"Cool, cool." I reply, trailing off.
The state cracks a wry grin, clearly thinking something mischievous. "You wanna come over
and check the place out?"
"Oh no," I reply, "it's getting late, I better hit the hay."
"You sure?" California says. "Come on, just a night cap to top it off."
I hesitate, my brain swimming with all of the possible outcomes from this unexpected but
thrilling night out.
"Alright," I finally relent. "One more drink."
"Great!" California shouts, turning back towards his house and making his way across the street
with excitement.
I follow behind, my heart already thumping in my chest at the possible gay encounter that could
be looming in the near future between me and this majestic state.
California walks up the front steps of his house and then unlocks his door, letting it swing open
into the darkness of the living room.
"Go on in," the state says in a way that sends a strange chill down my spine. Something is
wrong here.
"Me first?" I ask, slightly confused by his request.
"Yeah, sure," replies California. "I'm right behind you."
Slowly, I take a step inside, and then another, and another, until I am standing completely within
California's house. There is nothing but darkness all around me.
Behind me, the front door squeaks closed, completely removing even the slightest sliver of light.
"Uh, what's going on?" I ask, my voice trembling.
I can hear the door lock somewhere in the black void behind me.
Suddenly, the living room light flips on and I gasp aloud, shocked at the incredible scene that is
laid out before me.
Like California had said, the room itself is completely void of any furniture, as bare as can be
while a single overhead light illuminates the space with a stark whiteness. The walls, however, are a
different story, completely covered with photographs that stretch across every inch of free space,
floor to ceiling.
Instinctually, I step forward and lean in closer towards the photographs, finding them to be
exactly what I had dreaded; candid pictures of myself.
I scan the wall, finding snapshots that date all the way back to my California trip several years
ago, and leading up to as recent as earlier today at the pool.
"I've been following you," says California, a strange blankness in his voice.
"You've been stalking me," I counter, turning around to face him.
The state doesn't refute me on this, just stares daggers into my soul as we stand off on either
side of this large empty living room.
"I'm sure you think this is really creepy and weird," the Golden State offers, "but I can
explain."
I say nothing; just listen.
"Ever since that trip you took to Los Angeles, I haven't been able to shake the craving to have
you near me, to have you inside of me," California professes. "You left and I just felt so empty on my
own. The truth is, people come to stay in me for vacations all the time, but I've never met anyone like
you Plurk."
My heart slamming in my chest, I suddenly realize that, despite California's strange way of
showing it, I feel exactly the same way.
"This is so crazy," is all that I can say, unable to fully understand the emotions that are coursing
through me.
Just hours ago I was a regular bro looking for chicks to pick up at the pool, and now everything
has completely changed. I feel as though my entire life has been turned upside down.
California slowly begins to step towards me. "Now that you know what it's like to be inside
me," the state says, "I can't help but wonder what it would be like to be inside of you."
Suddenly, we are right up next to each other, California's absolutely massive geographical body
pressed up seductively against mine. I can feel his mountains and valleys, his rivers and forests,
deserts and incredibly toned abs. Without thinking, I lean in and kiss my stalker on the mouth, a surge
of sensual energy flowing between us and causing my dick to quickly harden within my pants.
"I want you so bad," I confess to the state. "I don't care if you're a stalker, your golden shores
and incredible calves are more than worth it."
We continue to kiss passionately until finally I just can't take it any longer and, overwhelmed
with emotion, I drop down to my knees before the majestic location.
I can see his enormous cock rising before me, lifting right up out of his midsection from
somewhere near Sacramento. I gasp in astonishment as it grows bigger and bigger until finally the
entire length of his massive rod sits inches away from my eager lips.
Not wasting any time, I open wide I let the state slip into my mouth, graciously taking him deep
within me.
California let's out a long moan and begins to push farther and farther down, clearly enjoying
the sensation as I reach up and gently cradle his balls with one hand. With the other, I wrap my fingers
tightly around the base of his shaft and then begin to bob up and down across his length in slow,
deliberate movements.
I can feel the Golden State's muscle's tense and release as I move, his entire body grappling
with the pleasure that he has been craving for so long. I can only imagine what this must be like for
him to finally be intimate with the object of his obsession.
Eventually, I grab California by the hips and pull him forward, forcing his rod as far down my
throat as he can possibly go. I'm not exactly ready for his entirety, though, and quickly find myself
coughing and gasping as the state removes himself from my mouth.
It takes me a moment to catch my breath, spit hanging from my lips as I look up at my handsome
lover, but soon enough I am ready to go once again, opening wide and consuming the state's cock in a
stunning deep throat.
This time I'm ready for him, somehow relaxing enough to take California all the way down into
the very bottom of my depths. He slides past my gag reflex without any problems, eventually ending
up with his hanging balls pressed tightly against my chin and my face pressed hard into his toned,
chiseled abs.
California puts his hands against the back of my head and holds me here for a good while, truly
savoring the sensation of being full consumed until I just can't take it anymore I have to come up for
air.
"Fuck, I love sucking off your southwestern United States dick," I admit, "and I'm not even
gay."
"Neither am I, dude," admits the handsome state. "It's not gay if it's between a state and a man.
Everybody knows that."
"Right on," I say, nodding with excitement, "right on."
At this point I turn around and fall down onto my hands and knees, popping my ass out towards
him and giving it a cute wiggle.
The state watches me with a deep and overwhelming desire in his eyes, focused on the shape of
my muscular buns as I present it to him so brazenly.
"You wanna pound me up the butthole?" I coo playfully. "Does this horny state want to plow me
up the ass with his big fat coastal cock?"
California nods, and then slaps my ass hard. His flirty punishment causes me to yelp in surprise,
but turns me on much more than I ever would have expected. With a total landmass of one hundred
and sixty thousand square miles, his size absolutely dwarfs me by comparison, and the submissive
aspect of our lop-sized comparison turns me on beyond belief.
As I look back over my shoulder at the state I can feel his thick rod teasing the edges of my back
door, testing the limits of my puckered asshole with the head of his shaft.
"Just do it!" I scream. "Just shove that fat fucking dick in there!"
The next thing I know, California is ramming forward hard, stretching the limits of my tightness
with his utterly enormous cock. The sensation of his penetration fills me completely with equal parts
pain and pleasure, but as the state pulses slowly in and out of my body the ache eventually gives away
to a pleasant fullness unlike anything I have ever known.
Immediately, I reach down between my legs and begin to stroke myself off, beating my dick to
the rhythm of the state's movements within me.
The pulse of his topographical hips gaining speed, I find myself overwhelmed with pleasure as
the orgasmic sensations build in tiny waves within. They start inconspicuous enough, a blossoming
heat that simmers deep within and then slowly but surly expands outward, down my arms and legs in
an incredible, tingling ecstasy.
With every consecutive wave the feeling grows more and more intense until finally I'm hovering
dangerously close to the edge, just about ready to blow my load all over the living room floor before
me.
California, however, has other ideas.
Suddenly the state pulls out of me and flips me over onto my back, grabbing me by either leg
and pulling them up towards my head so that my asshole is totally exposed. My cock juts out from my
torso in all of its aching glory, ready for me to beat myself off while the Golden State continues to rail
my already reamed asshole into oblivion.
"Oh my fucking god!" I cry out as California impales me once more, still not quite accustomed
to his incredible size.
Now on my back, I watch in awe as California slams up inside of me, his acre's long cock
seeming to magically disappear within my body. I am completely at his whim, a man and a state
locked within the heat of passion as my rock hard dick bobs wildly in the air against every thrust up
my rear.
It's not long before I can feel the aching prostate orgasm start to build once again within me,
filling my entire being with a strange and pleasant warmth that moves me to my very core.
I start to cry with happiness, tears streaming down my face. When I look up at California he is
crying too, huge tears of joy cascading down along the Redwood Forest and through his desert
landscape below like some kind of great biblical flood.
We have finally found each other, the most unlikely pair that one could ever imagine proving
that, somehow, love always finds a way. Before tonight there was a hole in my heart that I wasn't
even aware of, a vague emptiness that hovered above my life like a dark cloud. Now I know that
there's another world out there, another place where the Golden State and me can be together forever.
California reaches down and grabs onto my dick like a giant, fleshy joystick, pumping his hand
across my length in time with the rams of his engorged shaft up my asshole. The pleasure is almost
immediately overwhelming, a powerful sensation of ecstasy that consumes every sense in my body. I
am quaking hard, convulsing with spastic waves of orgasm that roll through me from head to toe and
cause several massive payloads of jizz to eject from my cock.
"I'm cumming so hard!" I cry out, California not letting up for a second until I finally collapse
back onto the floor in a blissed out haze.
The state pulls his thick rod out of me and begins to beat off furiously above, ready to explode
with his own torrent of milky seed.
"Do it!" I command. "Shoot that hot stalker load all over my body!"
I suddenly find myself inside of my new lover, standing on the city streets of San Diego while a
cascade of pearly spunk comes spilling across the landscape towards me. I can see it for miles, a
tidal wave of stately jizz that nearly blocks out the sun with its incredible presence, uprooting trees
and knocking over buildings that stand in it's way.
I barely have enough time to react, turning and running just two steps before the liquid hits me
hard and overtakes me, sweeping me off of my feet in a salty cascade of sperm. I'm drowning in it,
struggling to stay afloat in the undertow until finally I just don't have the strength to go on and sink
beneath the waves.
The next thing I know, I'm back on the floor of California's house, covered in his cum.
The state helps me up and walks me over to the nearby bathroom, where he turns on the shower
and sets out two towels. We climb inside together.
The warm water feels incredible against my skin, washing me clean of all the sweat and sperm
and giving me a wholesome feeling of freshness once more. I turn around in the water to face
California and give him a deep, passionate kiss on the lips.
"I'm sorry I was so creeped out at first," I tell him, pulling away and looking deep into the
state's eyes. "It's not every day you get someone following you across the country and secretly taking
hundreds of photos that you're not aware of."
"Thousands," California informs me, "but whose counting?"
I shake my head in disbelief, not from the strangeness of this encounter, but at the incredible
love that I feel for the great state.
"So what now?" I ask him, the water cascading off of our bodies in two glorious waterfalls.
"I don't ever want you to ever be away from me," California admits.
"I don't want that either," I tell him.
The state wraps his arms around me and pulls me close, enveloping me into his hills and
valleys, his glorious coastlines and his sprawling metropolises. I can feel myself sinking deeper and
deeper as I lose all sense of spatial relativity.
"Where do you want to live?" California asks. "Los Angeles? Oakland? San Jose?"
"I don't care," I murmur as I disappear completely.