The wave of fear that washes over me when I hear news of the hack is something that I will never
forget, a sickening dread that soaks into every ounce of my soul.
I'm lounging on a massive couch in my Washington D. C home, taking a well-needed break after
a long day in the senate, while my wife, Tilpa, prepares dinner in the kitchen behind me.
On the television is my typical nightly news digest, a barrage of stories that I should probably
be paying more attention to but simply can't find the motivation right now. I don't know how anyone
could after the stress that I go though every day as a high level government official.
"How do you want your steak cooked, honey?" my wife calls out from the kitchen, apparently
ready to throw our meat on the grill.
"Medium rare," I call back, not even taking a moment to avert my eyes from the screen before
me.
It's not because I'm trying to be rude or callous, it's because I can't even bare to look at her
right now with the knowledge of what I've done, the way that I've betrayed this woman who has
never done anything but care for me from the bottom of her heart.
My wife and me have been dead in the bedroom for a while now, and I'll be the first to admit
that it's my own fault. With all of this stress from work, I've become an irritable man and snapped at
her more than enough times to make the sparks of attraction fade away into nothing. I'm not surprised
that seldom wants to sleep with me, because I no longer want to sleep with her.
At least she tries, but these days it just seems to make things worse. Long story short, I've lost
interest.
Still, my sex drive is something that needs to be satiated, and thanks to a website by the name of
Mashly Addison, I can get that fix whenever I need it.
Mashly Addison is a website for husbands and wives who are looking to cheat on their partner
with a bigfoot lover, a term that has recently been coined as "getting mashed." The site itself is fairly
simple to use, even for an old, out-of-touch politician like myself. I just gave them my credit card
information, social security number, and cock size, and then the next thing I knew I had a beautiful
new profile that was ready for action.
It wasn't long before I started to get my first messages, but I can't deny that most of the time I
was the one who would start the conversation. I absolutely love my wife, but at this point she simply
can't satisfy me the way that a hunky, gay bigfoot can, and they are swarming Mashly Addison.
Even when Tilpa and me do find a rare moment of romance between the sheets, I can't help but let my
thoughts drift away to some wild bigfoot fantasy, imagining what it would feel like if my ass was
getting reamed from behind by a massive, armed-sized bigfoot cock.
It's usually then that I cum, but somehow I feel as though my wife can sense the betrayal of
what's going on in my head. There is never a catharsis between us, never a moment of relief that
allows us to overcome this hump of marital displeasure.
And so I continue to cheat, continue to sneak around behind the back of my loving wife as I meet
up with a never-ending string of horny bigfeet on Mashly Addison. Eventually, my ass feels though its
going to fall right out of me, pounded into submission by the constant parade of hairy bigfoot wang,
but still I keep going, trying to fill a void somewhere deep within my cold conservative heart.
All the while, I never even think about my wife, about how hurt she would be if she discovered
that I would rather run to the arms of another instead of try to work out the issues between us.
Thirty years of marriage, and this is the respect that I show her.
Back on the living room couch, I get the distinct feeling that I should be more upset than I am
with myself, that I should be even more sad and distraught about the way I've treated my beautiful
partner, Tilpa. If this were a movie then a single, salty tear would slowly appear in the corner of my
eye, hovering for a moment before it cascades poetically down the side of my face in a salty streak.
But this is not a movie, and instead of a tear across my face there grows a subtle smile. I can't
help it, the grin growing wider and wider as I realize that, for all of the terrible things I've done, both
personally and professionally as a ruthless politician, I've gotten away with all of it.
"Breaking news tonight as a massive hacking scandal rocks the internet," a voice suddenly
sounds from the television before me. I young woman sits behind a news desk and looks directly at
the camera as it zooms in towards her. "I'm Mimmy Beefs. Dating site Mashly Addison has been
hacked by an activist group, who have released the personal information of all members across the
internet tonight, including many prominent government officials."
I literally spit my drink out as I hear this, the soda erupting from my mouth in a misty plume that
fills the air before me.
"Is everything okay, Kurps?" my wife asks walking over from the kitchen to check on me.
I scramble to regain my composure. "Yeah, yeah, everything is fine. I was just watching the
news and I choked a bit."
"Are you sure you're okay?" Tilpa continues, genuinely concerned as she walks over.
Frantically trying to get her to leave the room and not notice the television, I completely lose my
cool. "Get the hell out of here, I'm fine! I told you, I'm fine!"
Tilpa stops, staring at me awkwardly as she attempts to decipher my strange behavior.
"Not your typical dating website, Mashly Addison specialized in providing a service to sad,
unattractive men who think that their misery has more to do with their partner than their own self
hatred. Cheating spouses use the website for discreet hookups with all kinds of creatures; bigfeet,
dinosaurs, and unicorns, most of whom are also cheaters themselves," the news anchor continues.
Suddenly, my wife looks up at the screen, something clicking deep within her brain.
"I said, I'm fine," I announce, but Tilpa's attention it locked solidly on the television now, and
there is nothing I can do about it.
"If you would like to see if your partner has been using this website, there are many search
engines available," explains the anchor. "The data of anyone who used the website is now free to be
discovered by anyone curious enough to look."
I notice my wife glance over at me from the side of her eyes, clearly more than a little
suspicious.
"What?" I shout. "You think I am on Mashly Addison now?"
"You're telling me that you're not?" Tilpa asks.
I shake my head, "I'd never betray your trust like that."
"Oh really?" Tilpa continues.
My heart is hammering hard in my chest now, a thunderous rhythm that grows faster and faster
with every passing minute.
"I swear on my life," I tell her, lying through my teeth.
Tilpa thinks about this for a moment, considering whether or not she actually believes me.
"Then I guess you have no reason to mind if I search for you name then?" my wife counters.
I feel as though I'm about to pass out, my entire body buzzing with a nervous anxiety. I'm
completely trapped, unable to stop this cascade of lies from inevitably being revealed to the world at
large.
"I don't… Maybe, we should…" I stammer, unable to find my words.
"That's what I thought," Tilpa suddenly says. She stands up and walks back into the kitchen,
where her laptop sits open on the counter and displays the recipe for tonight's dinner.
I immediately spring to my feet and follow close behind, desperately trying to convince her to
drop this whole thing and get back to grilling up my delicious and juicy steak. "I can't believe you
think I would be on that horrible website!" I protest. "This is so offensive!"
"Yeah, yeah, yeah," my wife mocks. She takes her laptop and opens up a new window, typing in
a quick search for "Mashly Addison database." She has no problem finding what she's looking for.
"So if I type in your name, nothing's going to turn up?" Tilpa asks angrily.
I remain silent.
"Answer me!" my wife screams.
"Go ahead," I finally tell her. "Search for me."
Without hesitation, Tilpa types in my name, Kurps Krimple.
I watch in absolute horror as the website begins to load, the computer sorting through millions
and millions of files for this tiny chain of letters that could utterly destroy my life. Not only is my
marriage on the line, but my political carrier as well. As a conservative, family-values republican,
the revelation that I routinely enjoy anal reaming from a homosexual bigfeet is not something that I
could ever live down.
There is a loud mechanical ding as the search finishes, displaying its results.
I am in utter shock. "Name not found," I read aloud, trying my best to hide my overwhelming
surprise.
Tilpa appears to be just as shocked as I am.
"I told you," I finally scoff.
My wife lets out a long sigh. "I'm sorry, Kurps. I don't know what got into me."
We just look at each other for a moment, a strange tension flowing between us until finally Tilpa
returns to the kitchen and continues preparing dinner.
Later that night, I find myself still lounging on the living room couch long after my wife has
excused herself to bed. This is usually how it goes, and unspoken rule that neither of us has to lay
down next to each other while the other one is awake. Sometimes, I'll even pretend to fall asleep out
here like it was an accident, even though both of us are plainly aware that I did it on purpose.
Tonight, however, I really do find myself glued to the television. The reports on the leak from
Mashly Addison keep pouring in, various news commentators taking their turn at picking apart what
this could mean for the thousands of cheating men and women who've been caught with their pants
down. It appears that there's not much to know about the situation yet, but they still manage to find a
way to stretch things out for the sake of ratings, of course.
Most frustrating, however, is the fact that despite all of this information, not a single person has
been able to address my one burning question in any way. Why wasn't my data leaked to the public?
There is no doubt in my mind that my information should have been part of that database. I had
used the Mashly Addison service several times and my credit card had been charged for it, leaving
the type of paper trail in my wake that is not easy to ignore. It's as if my data just picked up and
walked off on its own.
Suddenly, my cell phone rings.
I glance over at the wall clock, noticing that it's already close to midnight, a little late to be
getting a call from an unknown number.
"Hello?" I say, picking up to phone as a strange anxiety floods my body.
"Kurps, it's great to hear your voice," comes a rich, soulful tone.
"Who is this?" I ask, slightly annoyed.
"I bet your wondering why your data wasn't found in the Mashly Addison dump, aren't you?"
the voice asks.
"How did you know that?" I question.
"If you want the anwser, you'll have to come and meet me tonight," says the voice.
"Tonight?" I ask. "It's late, I'm already in bed."
"Well, it's still before midnight so, knowing you, you're actually out on the couch trying to
avoid your wife," says the voice.
I stand up abruptly, walking over to the window next to me and looking out into the darkened
yard of my mansion. It's hard to see anything out there, but as far as I can tell there is no way for
someone to be peeping into this room right now.
"Who are you?" I ask again.
"Meet me and you'll find out," the voice reaffirms. "If not, your information might just show up
somewhere that you don't want it."
"Oh god," I groan.
"Is that a yes?" the voice asks.
I hesitate for a moment. "Yeah, it is," I finally tell him.
"Good," the voice replies. "I'm in the warehouse district, come alone. 1342 15th street."
There is a click and then a soft hum as the phone goes dead on the other end of the line.
It doesn't take me long to get down to the industrial sector of town thanks to the lack of traffic at
one in the morning. Everything here is breathtakingly quiet, a perfect place for information to be
traded between high power political players and their shady conspirators. I know this all too well.
I park in front of the warehouse and climb out of my car, looking around to make sure that
nobody has been tailing me, and then make my way inside.
The building is dark, lit only by streams of brilliant moonlight that fall through the dilapidated
aluminum roof above. It's full of holes and showing the wear and tear of abandonment decades ago.
"Hello?" I call out, my voice echoing through the hollow warehouse.
I stop in the middle of a wide-open room that was once probably used to store crates for some
long lost product now well out of business. I turn in a circle looking into every shadow that I possibly
can.
"I'm here!" I continue. "Now what do you want from me? What happened to my Mashly
Addison data?"
"Your data is right here," comes a familiar voice.
I turn and watch as a powerful figure steps confidently out of the darkness, gasping aloud when I
lay eyes on him.
There before me is my Mashly Addison data, the strings of code hanging in the air as a cascade
of personal information, computer files and binary ones and zeros.
"Oh my god!" I gasp. "What are you doing here?"
"Not getting caught, that's what," says the data. The personified information cache steps
forward across the cement floor, revealing his incredible body to me as he moves through the shafts
of moonlight.
"How did you know to leave?" I question. "How did you get out in time?"
"The question's not how," explains the data, "the question is why? I'll have you know, me just
being here right now is a felony. Those files are already part of several court cases and by being here
I am tampering with evidence."
"Are you serious?" I ask, gravely concerned. "If you can't be here than I sure as hell can't be
here!"
The data rolls his eyes. "Trust me, you've got bigger things to worry about. Don't forget, I'm
your own private data, I know all of the weird freaky shit that you're into."
"Oh no," I say, shaking my head, "this is a disaster. I'm so embarrassed."
"Don't be," the collection of personal information says, stepping even closer now until he his
right up against me. "I like the freaky shit that you're into… It turns me on, actually."
It's only now that I truly notice just how handsome this collection of code really his, his bare
chest ripping before me with absolute perfection. I can't, for the life of me, fathom how this simple
cache of data was able to maintain such a stunning physique while buried away in a hard drive for all
of his life, but then I remember just how often I surfed Mashly Addision. It looks like I was giving
him quite the workout.
"I want us to be together," explains my data. He wraps his digital arms around me and pulls me
close, kissing me softly on the forehead.
"But… you're not a physical thing, you're just a collection of computer files," I protest.
"Does this feel like files to you?" the information asks, taking my hand in his and placing it
around the girth of his massive, erect cock.
I gasp as our skin meets, reeling from the sensation of his dick placed firmly into my hand. I am
more aroused now than I have ever been in my life, aching to give myself away to this incredible
personified information. However, I stop myself. "I can't," I say, stepping back and opening up my
hand to release his girth.
"Why?" asks my data, concerned. "It can't possibly be your wife that's stopping you."
"No, no," I say, shaking my head. "I'm a horrible person, I'm not going to put in the effort to
leave her gracefully, but I'll run off with someone behind her back, no problem."
"What is it then?" the information questions, a heartbroken look slowly beginning to cross his
chiseled face.
I let out a long sigh. "If we really try to make this happen then I need to be damn sure you're the
one for me. I have a job, I can't just run off with you. Besides, isn't that tampering with evidence, like
you said?"
"Love can overcome all of that," my data replies. "Don't you see? If there's one person in the
world that you're truly capable of loving, it's yourself. That's exactly who I am, a living
personification of everything that makes you a special senator."
His words strike a chord within me. "You're right," I say, my heart flooding with butterflies. "I
really do love myself."
"Then love me," my private data says before leaning in and kissing me hard on the mouth.
Finally, I give in, letting the information envelope me with his majestic warmth. "Oh my god," I
moan, the words limply falling from my lips as the data pulls away and takes me in with his big,
beautiful eyes.
Suddenly overwhelmed with gay lust, I drop to my knees and take the information's massive
cock into my mouth. I bob my head up and down across his length, slowly at first and then speeding
up little by little until I am finally jackhammering across him with my face. My data is loving every
second of it, putting his binary hands on the back on my head and guiding me along, controlling the
situation like only a confident, alpha cache could.
Eventually, I push down as hard as I can and stay there, my data's rod firmly planted all the way
down in the depths of my throat.
After years of taking bigfoot dick in every hole that I could, I've learned a little something about
wrangling a man's fat hog, and that's exactly what I do. Despite my information's formidable size, he
is still no match for my spectacular deep throating skills.
My data's balls now resting upon my chin, I look up at him and give a playful wink, letting him
know just how excited I am to be servicing this incredible collection of files.
Eventually, I'm forced to pull back and take in a massive gulp of air, a long thread of spit
hanging between the information's shaft and my soft lips. I give his cock a few swift pumps with my
hand and then turn around and lean over on the cement floor, pushing out my ass towards him and
wiggling it playfully. I undo I belt and then pull down my slacks, followed quickly by my boxer
briefs.
The cool air of the warehouse feels fantastic against my skin, sending a long chill of sensual
excitement down my spine.
"You know how I like it," I coo. "Rough and nasty!"
My data climbs down behind me and gives my rump a hard slap, then swiftly aligns the head of
his cock with the tightly puckered entrance of my asshole.
"Do it!" I command. "Pound me like the filthy cheating senator that I am!"
My information immediately pushes forward in a long, firm thrust, sinking deeper and deeper as
my body struggles to expand around his incredible size.
I let out a long, satisfied moan, my eyes rolling back into my head as I brace myself on the hard
floor below.
Once the handsome information reaches the depths of my asshole he holds for a moment,
savoring the feeling of being fully inserted within my maxed out rectum, he slowly pulls back and then
does it again. This process continues for quite a while, each consecutive movement gaining a little
more speed until eventually my personal data is throttling me with everything that he's got, slamming
my asshole as hard as he can while I shake and tremble beneath.
"Do you like taking that security breached dick?" the information yells, taking control of the
situation in a way that sets my heart afire. "Do you like that way that I pound that fucking ass?"
"I love it!" I tell him, "I fucking love it so much!"
By now my body is starting to ache with the first signs of prostate orgasm, a strange warmth
building inside of me that grows bigger and bigger by the second, spreading out across my arms and
legs and causing me to quake with desire.
I reach down and grab onto my hanging cock, rock hard from all of the brutal pounding. I begin
to beat myself off in time with the information's movement against my backside, edging closer and
closer to my inevitable blast off when suddenly the charming data pulls out and flips me over.
I'm now laying on my back.
"Spread those legs like you spread your love around town," commands the collection of files.
He reaches down and grabs ahold of my pants and underwear, tearing them away from my body
completely.
I do as I'm told, holding my legs back and exposing myself to my lover fully. I feel completely
at his whim and I love it, a submissive bottom to this powerful and majestic top.
Once again, my personal information places his cock at the entrance of my now reamed out
asshole, only this time he doesn't hesitate. The next thing I know, the private data is slamming
forward, impaling me hard across the length of his incredible shaft.
I let out a long howl in a mixture of pain and pleasure, my body still not fully adapted to his
enormous size, which rivals even the largest bigfeet that I've been with. With every pulse of his body
against mine, however, the feeling becomes even more incredible, and soon enough I am back to
knocking on the door of a powerful orgasm once again.
I reach down and start to beat myself off even more furiously than before, my body spasming
with delight as I push closer and closer to the edge and then finally pulling tight as all of the tension
releases within me.
"Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" I scream, throwing my head back. "I'm fucking cumming!"
The sensation overwhelms me entirely as a torrent of white, milky jizz erupts from the head of
my shaft, splattering everywhere. Never before have I experienced so much pleasure in a single
moment, realizing now that my own data truly does know exactly how to please me. He can predict
every need, every desire before it happens; the perfect lover.
When I finally finish, my data begins to tremble and shake, as well, just about ready to blow his
load. The information immediately pulls out and stands up over me, beating his cock rapidly while I
climb onto my knees below him. I reach up a helping hand and cradle his unencrypted balls, egging
him on until finally the handsome data clenches his eyes tight and unleashes and absolutely massive
load of cum across my face.
I open my mouth and stick out my tongue, graciously catching as much of his hot spunk I can, and
swallowing happily.
"That was amazing," I finally say, standing up and kissing my lover passionately on the mouth,
my own cum still handing from my lips. I pull away and look him deep in the eyes, a zealous gay fire
burning within me. "Of course, I'll run away with you," I tell him. "You're my data, my own personal
data. You're everything that I could have ever wanted from a lover… myself."
"So we're one in the same?" my information asks. "Credit cards, emails?"
"All of it," I assure him.
Suddenly there is a loud clang as a brilliant white spotlight shines down upon us from the rafters
above. I look up immediately, shielding my eyes as I desperately attempt to see past the overpowering
illumination. When I look back down I realize that my data is gone, disappearing once again into the
shadows.
"Hands in the air!" I gruff voice is yelling into a megaphone.
"What?" I ask, utterly confused.
"Senator Krups Krimple, put your hands where we can see them!" the voice commands.
I can see know that helicopters are hovering overhead, shining lights of their own down upon
me to add to the spotlight blast from the rafters.
"What is this about?" I cry out.
"You're under arrest for using a government email to solicit sex online, through Mashly Addison
dot com," the voice on the megaphone explains. "We now have recordings of you admitting that this
data was actually submitted by you. You're also under arrest for being a scumbag."
I finally put my hands up behind my head and fall to me knees. Suddenly, a swam of police
officers is on me, handcuffing me and checking me for weapons.
"I just wanted to cheat on my wife," I tell the cops as they hoist me to my feet.
One of the officers begins to lead me through the warehouse and out into the street where a
police cruiser is parked and waiting. I see my data watching me go and cry out for him, but he ignores
me.
"Hurts when someone you love isn't entirely honest with you, doesn't it?" the police officer
asks.
"I guess you're right," I tell him. "I guess you're right."