Backpacking across Europe is something that most American guys find themselves at least
considering once we finish college; the open road, nothing to tie us down. After years of tests and
textbooks, there's not much that sounds better than that.
I've been on board with this idea since I can remember, planning out all of the stops that I
would make along the way. However, while plenty of guys get a group of friends together for this type
of adventure, there's something about the idea finding myself on a solo journey that really appeals to
me in a big way.
Of course, I quickly found myself running into the same problem that everyone seems to face
when they start to consider any sort of undertaking like this; money.
My family is not dirt poor by any means, but we certainly live a modest life out here in Iowa,
farming corn and working as hard as we can to make ends meet. I never once complained though, and
I learned to appreciate the hardships for the way that they've shaped me. I'd like to think that my
demeanor is collected, disciplined and patient from learning the ways of the crops, while my body
has been toned to muscular perfection from the yearly harvest.
Still, neither of those things help me pull together enough money to get across Europe on a
reasonable budget. With the sum of my modest savings, I could just barely afford the flight there and
back, which leaves a whole lot of questions as to where I'll be staying.
Of course, that's kind of the nature of backpacking, the adventure of never knowing where
you're going to turn up next. However, without any emergency funds or a little cash to actually enjoy
myself once I got over there, my trip was dead in the water.
That is, until the night that my dad sat me down and told me all about our long time family
friend, Frankenstein.
I was standing in the kitchen, doing the dishes as I routinely do after my mom makes a delicious
home cooked mean, when my dad enters and has a seat at the table behind me.
"Why don't you take a break on those and come over here to talk to your old dad," my father
suggests.
As crazy as it may sound, it's honestly quite hard to keep myself from obsessing over doing
chores around the house, to the point that it's a struggle putting down the dishes before I'm finished.
Maybe I'm being weird about it, but as a full-grown adult ready to enter the world, I feel kind of
weird about still living here at home. If I'm going to be in this house, I need to be helping out and
proving my worth.
"Just let me finish up here," I call back over my shoulder.
"Come on now, sit down," my dad insists, "there's something I need to talk to you about."
Finally relenting, I turn off the sink and walk over to the table, noting the gravely intense look on
my dads face.
"What's up," I ask, taking a seat.
"Your mother and I have been talking," my father begins. "We know how much this trip means to
you, you've been planning it for so long and the thought that you won't go just because you can't quite
afford it right now is too much for us to bear."
I immediately raise up my hand, stopping my dad immediately. "Listen, before you go any
further I am going to tell you that the answer is no. I know how tight money is on the farm, and I'm not
going to let you pay for my trip," I tell him. "It's not right."
"No, no, no," says my father with a smile, waving his hand as though it could dissipate the very
suggestion as it floats between us. "I admire your class, son, but that's not it at all."
Suddenly, my interest in piqued. Could my father have somehow figured out a way to make this
trip a possibility? My mind is already racing with all of the situations that could be at hand, and none
of them make any sense at all.
"Have I ever told you about our old family friend, Mr. Frankenstein?" my father asks, a strange
glimmer of reverence in his eye. "He was my old college roommate, a science major who built the
very first artificial life form."
"Wait, what?" I say, stunned as I reel from this revelation. "What do you mean?" I ask.
"He dug up a bunch of graves and sewed the parts together," my father informs me, "built
himself a real life monster and then electrocuted it with a generator. The thing just came to life."
"That's incredible," I gush.
My father leans back into his chair, recalling a part of his life that he clearly hasn't considered
in a while. "We were wild back then," he informs me, "Me, Frankie and his creation. It's sad really,
because Frankie died not too long after. I stayed in touch with the monster though, through postcards
and that kind of thing. He forwards me emails sometimes."
"I'm sorry," I say, shaking my head, "but how is this going to help me get over to Europe?"
"Well, Frankie lives in Germany," explains my father.
"I thought he died," I counter.
My dad laughs. "Oh yeah, sorry about that," he explains jovially. "Eventually, people just
started calling the creature Frankie, too, don't ask me why."
"Seems a little morbid," I offer.
"I think he likes it," my father says with a shrug, "probably reminds him of the good ol' days.
Anyway, Frankie is in Germany. I've already reached out to him and he would love to have you stay
in his penthouse for a week."
"What?" I ask, astonished. "Really?"
My father nods. "It's not a trip across Europe, but at least you'll get to see Berlin. Frankie will
let you stay for free, not like he needs the money anyway."
"He's rich?" I ask.
My dad nods. "He's a very famous racecar driver, actually."
"This is the best news I've ever heard!" I shout, jumping up from the table and running around to
the other side as I throw my hands around my father.
My dad laughs, clearly pleased that he was able to provide me with such an exciting
announcement. "Oh yeah, just one more thing," my dad says, pulling away for a moment. "It's
Frankie's birthday in a month, that's when he wants you to be there, so don't forget to bring a
present."
I nod, silently racking my brain for gift ideas that would be appropriate for an undead monster.
At least I have a month to figure it out.
By the time that I touch down on German soil, I still have no idea what I'm going to get Frankenstein
for his birthday. At first glance, it doesn't seem like this should be a huge deal, after all, he is a grown
monster with a massive bank account, and probably doesn't expect anything from me. But it's the
principal that counts, and as a man of principal I want to do right by the creature who has so
generously let me stay with him for the week.
I step out of the airport with nothing more than a small backpack slung over my shoulder,
looking up and down the sidewalk as travelers mill about, climbing in and out of their rides.
I spot Frankie immediately.
Truth be told, they guy is pretty hard to miss, a massive, green man who stands at least a foot
above all the rest. He has been sewn together from various body parts, and the stitches still show as
they crisscross his body at seemingly random locations.
I wave, and the enormous monster waves back, strolling over and taking my bag for me.
"Porp, welcome to Germany!" Frankie says. "Forgive me, my English is a little rough these
days."
I shake my head. "You sounds just fine to me, I tell him. Thank you for letting me stay with you
this week, I'm very excited."
"It's great to have you!" reports Frankenstein, patting me on the back with one of his absolutely
massive hands.
The second that this enormous creature touches me, I feel a twinge of something strangely erotic
shoot down the length of my spine, filling me with a confusing, yet intoxicating sensation. I glance
back up at him, not exactly sure what is going on and then trying to ignore it completely.
No matter how hard I try to shake it, however, the feeling is there.
"Follow me," Frankie says, leading me through the mass of cars towards his ride, a gorgeous
bright red sports car.
"Is this yours?" I gush.
"Sure is," Frankie replies. "It's a little gaudy, I know, but what kind of professional racecar
driver would I be without a nice set of wheels for myself."
"Hey, no complaints here," I laugh.
Frankie opens up the passenger side door for me and I slide inside, immediately overwhelmed
by the luxurious interior of the monster's ride.
Seconds later, the big green man slips in next to me and gives me a playful wink. "Just wait until
you see what this thing can do out on the road," Frankie says.
The next thing I know, we are flying out through the airport and into the streets of Berlin, the
cool air whipping against my face through the open window.
Immediately, that same sensation of powerful attraction to this massive undead man begins to
bubble to the surface, filling me with a strange, aching lust.
Never before have I even considered being attracted to another man, and yet suddenly here I am,
unable to deny this intense yearning that flows through my body. Frankie is just so cool, so rugged, so
powerful.
"I know what you're thinking," the big green monster says to me as we weave in and out of
traffic.
"You do?" I ask, suddenly terrified that my attraction could have been so outwardly apparent.
"Yeah," nods Frankie, "you're wondering what to get the guy who has everything for his
birthday."
I laugh, relived. "The thought did cross my mind."
Frankie shakes his head. "You don't need to get me anything, your company is enough."
"Not a chance," I tell him with a smile, "you're getting something whether you like it or not.
Birthday's are important, and I won't take no for an answer."
Frankie glances over at me, immediately recognizing how serious I am on the matter. He knows
that I can't be swayed, eventually letting out a long sigh and relenting from his stubborn position.
"Alright, if you really want to get me something then I guess I have one idea," the monster
admits.
"Let's hear it," I say.
Frankie hesitates for a moment, as if questioning whether or not he should say what he's about to
say, and then finally continues. "Well, I could really use something new to stick up inside of my butt,"
the monster admits.
"Oh yeah?" I ask, intrigued.
Frankie nods. "Something unusual, you know? Not just the typical butt stuff that everybody
typically goes for."
I nod, shifting in the passenger seat as I try to hide my massive erection. "Yeah, I think I can do
something about that."
Suddenly, the car slows and we come to a stop right outside of a tall, modern building in the
heart of downtown. A valet takes Frankie's keys as we climb out and head into the lobby, greeted by
the doorman and motioned towards the nearby elevators.
I have to admit, this is quite a bit more comfortable than backpacking would have been.
After a quick elevator ride up, we finally reach the top floor and, using Frankie's special
keycard, open the doors upon a beautiful, lavish penthouse that overlooks the city from every angle.
The décor is incredible, and perfectly tailored to fit Frankie's personality, completely racecar
themed from floor to ceiling. The coffee table is a low sitting racecar, the television looks like it is
mounted in a driver's side window and, through an open door to Frankie's bedroom, I can see a large,
racecar bed frame.
"This is so nice," I tell the monster, already knowing exactly what I'm going to get him for his
birthday.
By the time the big night finally rolls around, I'm ready to present my gift, which has been
delicately wrapped in a large box, with a red ribbon tied tightly around the outside.
We spend most of the evening out on the town with some of Frankie's friends, other racecar
drivers who definitely know how to have a good time. The party starts early and goes late, hopping
our way around the nightlife scene until eventually the crew has dispersed and Frankie and I find
ourselves walking back to his apartment building through the darkened city streets.
Before, I had been nervous about presenting my gift to this incredible creature, but thanks to a
night of drinking and dancing, I've finally loosened up enough to come to terms with what's about to
happen next.
If Frankie hates my gift then he's certainly not the type to make a big deal about it, and if he
loves it…
My thoughts trail off.
Right now, I'm not exactly sure what might happen if this big green beast loves my present.
There are things already in the cards right now that I never would have expected; things that, as a
straight man, I would have never known that I'd want so badly.
The closer we get to the penthouse, however, the more my strange homosexual craving grows
within, simmering just beneath the surface of my calm demeanor. I am practically trembling with
excitement, trying to keep myself from giving in to my yearnings too quickly.
We reach Frankie's building and head inside, taking the elevator up to his apartment and then
staggering in amid a fit a joyful laughter. Regardless of what happens next, it's been a good night.
Immediately, the monster wanders over to his kitchen and pulls open the door of his racecar
shaped fridge, pulling out a massive slice of leftover birthday cake and then grabbing a fork and a
knife.
"You want some?" Frankie asks, walking over to the racecar couch and sitting down next to me.
I shake my head, pulling out my gift box from under the racecar themed table and setting it down
on the hood.
"Oh my god, for me?" Frankie asks, genuinely shocked.
"Absolutely," I tell him, "happy birthday."
The monster takes my gift and holds up the box, inspecting it from every side and testing the
weight in his hands. "This is too much, Porp," the big green monsters says, "you really didn't have to
do this."
I shake my head. "Of course I did," I tell him, "you've been so kind to have me here, hosting me
in your beautiful house."
Frankie rolls his eyes. "It's my pleasure," the big green monster says, placing his giant hand on
my knee and sending a wave of aching lust across my body. My first instinct is to flinch and pull
away, but I do my best to hold steady and lean in to my strange attraction.
"Open it already!" I finally say with a smile.
Frankie joyfully tears away the paper to reveal a plain cardboard box underneath, which he then
places back onto the table. The monster slowly lifts the lid.
"Whoa," Frankie gasps, the word falling limply from his mouth.
The big green monster reaches into the box and pulls out a large, racecar shaped butt plug,
bright red and shiny in the dim lighting of his apartment.
"For your ass," I tell him.
Frankie nods. "This will drive up inside of me?" he questions.
"Of course!" I reply.
"Can we try it out?" Frankenstein asks excitedly.
My cock is rock hard now, throbbing in my pants as I try my best to keep my cool. "Of course,"
I say.
"Just as buds though, right?" Frankie double-checks.
I nod.
Immediately, the monster climbs up onto his couch and unbuttons his pants, pulling them down
as he leans over the back of the racecar themed furniture. The monster reaches back with one hand
and spreads open his green ass for me, revealing his most private of holes.
I'm frozen, completely entranced by the beautiful sight of this puckered butthole, eventually
snapping out of it when Frankie looks back and give me a playful smile.
I take the racecar butt plug and place it against the rim of Frankenstein's butt, pushing forward
slowly and letting his tightness expand around it. Finally, when the plug is fully inserted, I flip the
switch at then end and watch with thrilling excitement as the wheels begin to whir.
"Ready, set, go," I joke, laughing as the tiny racecar takes off up inside Frankenstein. It flies up
into the monster's butthole like it was the autobahn.
A fierce shudder runs the length of Frankie's back, his body reeling from the pleasant sensation
of providing the track for this small motor vehicle.
"Oh fuck," Frankie moans, "that feels so good. I can feel the little wheels spinning up inside of
me!"
"It's a really nice car," I confirm.
"It feels like it," Frankie counters, and then looks back at me with an intense expression on his
face. "Can I admit something to you?"
My heart skips a beat as he says this, but I proceed with caution. "Sure, anything."
"Having your tiny anal car deep inside of me like this is really turning me on," Frankie says. "I
know that I shouldn't say that, but it's the truth."
"Have you ever been with a living man?" I ask, my voice trembling.
The monster nods. "But never one as handsome as you."
I smile. "I that case, I have another present for you."
Frankie turns around and I push the racecar coffee table out of the way, kneeling on the floor
before him as the massive green man sits before me. He has finally revealed the length of his massive
cock, which springs forth from the monster's lap towards my waiting lips.
Without hesitation I open wide, swallowing Frankie's rod and immediately getting to work as I
pump my head up and down across the length of his shaft. The huge monster clearly enjoys this,
leaning back his head and letting out a long, low groan that rattles through his entire body. Frankie
places his hands against the back of my head, guiding me along and then holding me close as I push
down well past my gag reflex, consuming his shaft entirely.
I now find myself with my face pressed hard against Frankie's chiseled green abs, his balls
hanging against my chin while I let him enjoy my depths.
"That feels so fucking good," Frankenstein says in his deep, powerful tone, "I love the way you
take that fucking dick in your throat."
I hold Frankie's monstrous cock within me for as long as I can and then finally pull back with
gasp for air, sputtering and coughing as a long trail of spit hangs between my lips and the head of his
enormous shaft. I am completely overwhelmed with arousal at the point, wanting nothing more than to
be plowed from behind by this incredible green man.
"I need you inside of my butt," I groan, climbing to my feel and then bending over the racecar
coffee table with my hands on the hood. "Fuck me now!"
Frankenstein doesn't need to be told twice, standing up behind me and positioning his massive
rod at the puckered entrance of my back door.
I can feel Frankie's dick teasing the rim of my ass, pushing just barely enough for the tension of
my sphincter to remain until finally he just can't wait any longer and thrusts forward, impaling my
muscular body along that length of his enormous cock.
I let out a sharp cry of both pain and pleasure as he enters me, bracing myself against the hood
as Frankenstein begins to pulse in and out of my rump. The sensation is confusing at first, my body
struggling to accept his enormous girth, but eventually the ache starts to give way to a beautiful
fullness that is unlike anything I have ever felt.
Frankie's giant cock hits me perfectly from the inside, pushing up against my prostate with a
series of absolutely perfect thrusts. I can already feel the first hints of orgasm simmering within,
before I've even touched my own cock, and the second that my hand closes around it my joyful ache
kicks into overdrive. I stroke myself off to the powerful rhythm of the monster, our bodies beautifully
synchronized with one another.
"Oh my fucking god!" I scream, my voice echoing throughout the racecar themed penthouse.
"Fuck me harder, Frankenstein! Fuck me harder!"
The massive creature moans along with me, plowing my asshole faster and faster until he is
railing me at a jackhammers pace, completely throttling my body from behind with everything that
he's got.
In a moment of passion, the big green man suddenly pulls out and slaps me on the ass.
"Turn around and hold those legs open like a good little twink," the large man demands. "I
wanna watch that cock of yours bounce while I plow your tight ass."
I do as I'm told, rotating on the hood of the car so that I'm facing Frankie now, and then
spreading my legs wide.
The monster grabs my hips, positioning me roughly and then climbing up onto the bumper so that
he is squatting before me.
"I bet you thought this was just a coffee table, didn't you?" the monster asks.
Before I even have time to answer, the racecar beneath us roars to life, it's engine turning over
and then rumbling with an incredible, mechanical fury. I yell out in surprise, clutching tightly to the
hood of the vehicle as it lurches forward.
"What's going on?" I yell. "What is this?"
"The best sex of your life," Frankenstein laughs, "so hold on tight!"
Suddenly the car zooms forward, crashing through the living room and heading straight for the
wall of giant windows that overlook Berlin below. We crash through the glass at an incredible speed,
and suddenly we are flying through the air while Frankie relentlessly pounds away at my butthole.
I am surging with adrenalin and pleasure, the two sensations swirling together in a vicious
cocktail that sears my blood.
Below us, the street begins to zoom upwards, the night air whipping past in a wild fury. I
scream, and then suddenly there is a quick jolt as the car below starts to change shape, morphing into
something else entirely.
"What the hell is happening?" I cry out.
"You thought I was into racecars," Frankenstein informs me, "but that was just a clever ruse, I'm
really into jet planes!"
Suddenly, the car transforms into a jet plane, leaving me and Frankie sitting safely within the
cockpit. I'm in the captain's chair with my legs pulled back, just about ready to cum.
"That's so good! That's so fucking good!" I tell the monster, my legs shaking as I reach down
and begin to furiously beat my cock.
Suddenly, I'm cumming hard, jizz erupting from the head of my dick as we fly high above
Berlin, looking down at the twinkling city lights below. I am completely consumed with bliss, every
inch of my body spastically contracting in a fit of ecstasy until finally the wave passes and I fall back
into my chair.
Frankie is on a similar timeline because, the next thing I know, the big green beast is pulling out
of my asshole and standing over me, his beautiful abs clenched tight as he bares his teeth and braces
for a powerful wave of orgasm. He's beating off as fast as he can, edging closer and closer until
finally the creature cums, blasting an absolutely massive load across my handsome face.
As if this moment of homosexual bliss couldn't get any better, I notice that Frankie is suddenly
lurching forward a bit, his throat making a strange gargle while he prepares for a different kind of
ejection.
Suddenly, the little toy racecar emerges from Frankenstein's mouth, having completely traveled
the length of his digestive tract and ending up here with us once again. The tiny butt car lands in the
semen that covers my chest and face, then begins to pull off some killer donuts in celebration of its
long journey.
"This is the best birthday I could've ever asked for," Frankie gushes.
"It's the best trip to Europe I could've ever asked for, too," I counter. "The only shame is that I
have to go back home to the states so soon."
Frankenstein collapses into the copilot seat next to me, gazing out the window before us. I can
tell that something is on the tip of his tongue, but he's not exactly sure how to say it.
"What?" I finally ask.
The monster takes in a long breath. "You could always just stay here with me," he finally offers.
I glance over at the big green creature and our eyes meet, a moment of deep love and
commitment flowing between us.
"Of course I'll stay with you," I tell him. "I love you."
"I love you, too," says Frankenstein.
The creature reaches over and takes my hand in his, holding tight as the two of us enjoy the
gorgeous sunrise view from his jet plane.