What can I say, it's good to be rich.
I know that it's not exactly the most politically correct stance to have in this day and age, but as
a young billionaire, life could be worse.
Of course, it could also be a lot better. For one thing, everyone hates me; and when I say
everyone, I mean everyone.
It all started when my company, Buttscription Drugs, made a blanket purchase for the rights to
hundreds of different drug patents, some of them valuable and some of them not, with the intent of
jacking up the prices and turning a huge profit. I know, I know; on the surface this sounds like a pretty
harsh thing to do, but in the world of business it's nothing new. In fact, this kind of burning and
pillaging of intellectual property is how I got myself into such a lofty financial position in the first
place.
Like I said, all of this price gouging is business as usual, but for some reason or another the
press got ahold of the fact that one of these drugs in particular is used to treat blind orphan children
and kittens who suffer from unbearable pain twenty-four hours a day. Of course, their dollars are just
as good as anyone else's, so I raised the price of their drugs from three dollars to four hundred, and
for some reason the entire world went crazy over it.
Suddenly, I was the most hated man on the planet, a spoiled, heartless rich kid who detests
puppies and blind orphans.
Let's get one thing straight, I don't hate puppies and blind orphans, I just know that they will
spend a lot of money to not be in constant, brain-melting pain. Ultimately, my loyalty is to my
investors, and the investors expect me to do anything within my ability to make sure profits are high.
Why can't anyone else understand that?
My business practices and the unfortunate press that comes with them have given be the
nickname of Pharma Bro, although my actual birth name is Marky Sharky.
Like I said before, it's good to be rich, but lately all of the backlash that I've been getting has
really torn me down. While my biggest hobby is making money and destroying other peoples lives,
I'm also a big fan of music, and the music world has completely turned its back on me.
I've spent plenty of cold hard cash investing in artists that I like, or starting record labels, and
all of them have returned the money once things started to get dark.
Fortunately, there's one musical artifact that I still have in my physical possession.
I'm talking, of course, about my one-of-a-kind album from my favorite triceratops rap group, the
Yu-Bang Clan.
Yu-Bang Clan have been working on this unique album for years, an artistic concept record that
would be limited to a single copy ever produced, sold to the highest bidder and then locked away for
eighty-eight years. It's an amazing piece of musical history, and after much negotiation I was able to
procure the only copy for the sum of two million dollars.
Fortunately, this all happened before the bad press started, and by then this one-of-a-kind album
was already safely locked away within my billion-dollar compound.
But, when it comes to business, things are never really that simple.
I pick up my phone on the first ring, thrilled that someone has decided to call and break me
away from my own oppressive loneliness.
"Hello," I cry out, a little to excited as my voice echoes down the long, empty halls of my cold
mansion.
"Marky, this is Jorpo," comes my lawyers familiar voice. He's been calling a lot lately, which
is usually not a good sign although I do appreciate actually having someone to talk to.
"What's up?" I question.
"We need to talk," Jorpo starts, a grave seriousness in his tone.
I lean back into my chair and let out a long sigh, ready for anything. From where I sit at my large
oak desk I can see out across most of this luxurious compound, the whole thing completely empty.
"There is something in the Yu-Bang Clan contract that I think you should know about," Jorpo
says, "something in the fine print that we didn't really notice until now."
"Didn't really notice?" I scoff. "Please tell me that you're joking."
"I'm afraid not," Jorpo admits.
"What the fuck am I even paying you for?" I question angrily, my temper getting the best of me.
As a genuine spoiled brat, my temper tantrums have been an issue that I've reckoned with for quite a
while, even now as a thirty-something man. "Aren't you supposed to be one of the best lawyers on the
planet?"
"Yes, and I'm sorry. Here's the thing, the stipulation is so absurd that we initially assumed it
was a joke," my lawyer explains. "Turns out, these guys are quite serious."
"What's the stipulation?" I ask, my curiosity piqued.
"It turns out that once the one-of-a-kind album is sold to the highest bidder, the Yu-Bang Clan
have one opportunity to take it back without any repercussions," Jorpo explains. "It says here that if
they can pound your ass good enough then you are obligated to return the record."
I start to laugh, amused by the absurdity of the situation. "Are you seriously trying to tell me that
the Yu-Bang Clan are gay?" I question. "We are talking about the same notorious dinosaur rap group,
correct?"
"I never said anything about them being gay," Jorpo explains, "it appears that this transaction is
a completely legal exchange."
"Then why put it in the contract?" I question. "I mean, if they don't want to pound butts then why
make the fine print about pounding butts?"
"Artists work in mysterious ways," Jorpo counters. "It's not black and white like the world of
business, Marky."
I let out a long sigh and kick my feet up onto my desk. "I guess you're right. So why are you
telling me all of this now?"
"Because they're on their way over," explains my lawyer. "They're coming to get the album
back."
Like clockwork, I hear a loud banging at the front door, three solid knocks that come ringing out
through my vacant mansion.
"Oh shit," I blurt, sitting up. "What do I do?"
"Whatever you do, don't let them seduce you. I know how handsome dinosaur rappers can be,
Marky, but if you want to keep this album in your possession then you must not succumb to their
charms," my lawyer explains.
"Okay," I reply, "got it."
I hang up to phone and then stand as the doorbell starts to ring, clanging out over and over again
amid the growing fury of slamming knocks. The only thing pounding harder than their triceratops
claws against my front door is my heart within my chest, the organ struggling to keep up with the
anxiety that continues to flood me.
"Coming!" I call as I hurry down the stairs of my massive front entryway, finally making it to the
door and then yanking it open.
There before me stands the entire Yu-Bang Clan in all of their prehistoric glory, covered in thick
scales and ranging in color from light yellow to a deep forest green that immediately causes a gasp to
escape my throat. I assumed that resisting these dinosaur rappers would have been an easy enough
task, but I had no idea just how handsome they were going to be in person.
"Hey!" I start, trying my best to be nonchalant about this whole thing. "What brings you guys
here?"
The handsome triceratops rappers say nothing as someone in the back begins to push his way
through the crowd, finally appearing before me with a jagged row of long, razor-sharp dinosaur teeth
and the unmistakable grin of a T-rex. This I not just any T-rex, either, but the legendary dinosaur
comedian and actor, Bill Murky.
"Whoa," is all that I can say, taken completely off guard. "What are you doing here Bill?"
Mr. Murky grins wide and then pulls a long cigar out of his suit pocket, popping it into his mouth
and the lighting up as he offers me a playful wink. He takes his time while I look on in arousal and
confusion.
Maintaining a clinical distance from these dinosaurs is easier said than done. I have seen plenty
of music videos or comedy specials from this unique crew of prehistoric celebrities, but watching
them on the small screen could have never prepared me for what is it like to be faced with a
muscular, dinosaur crew of this caliber. Every one of them is handsome as can be, dressed to the
nines and completely commanding the situation in a way that someone as rich as I am is seldom used
to.
Finally, Mr. Murky speaks. "We're here to get the album back," he says.
"You're part of this, too?" I question. "Is that really in the contract?"
The dinosaur nods.
"But why?" I continue.
"Why not?" Bill Murky counters, then takes a long drag form his cigar and puffs it into the air.
I suppose he has a point.
"Well, you're not going to seduce me," I tell them flatly, "so you might as well just all head
home."
Bill Murky nods, apparently understanding my request but refusing to go anywhere. "Alright,
alright," the dinosaur says, "but how about you have a cigar with us, chill by the pool, and if
something happens then something happens."
I have to admit, even as a straight man, I am incredibly attracted to these beautiful celebrity
dinosaurs and their toned muscular bodies. Honestly, how could you not be? The thing is, there is no
way I'm giving back a record that I dropped two million dollars to procure.
If I was smart, I would just shut the door and walk upstairs to sit alone in the dark some more,
counting my money or finding more poor, disenfranchised people to take advantage of. Right now,
however, there is more blood rushing to my slowly enlarging cock than to my brain.
"Alright," I finally offer, opening the door wide and then stepping out of the way for the
dinosaurs to come inside, "one cigar and that's it."
The creatures all pile in, each one more hunky than the last until the whole clan has entered and
I shut the door behind them.
"Follow me," I offer, making my way through the foyer and across the length of the house to the
pool in back.
I may be rich, but I still haven't gotten used to just how beautiful this mansion is, every part of it
crafted perfectly in the most luxurious detail. This couldn't be any more apparent than now, as the
gang of us steps out through the back door and gazes across my compound, the sun setting in the sky
and the pool shimmering at our feet. Everything radiates with incredible, blossoming color, casting
this perfect moment in purple and orange.
"There's plenty of chairs," I say, directing the Yu-Bang Clan and Bill Murky over to a swath of
white chaise lounges that sit scattered around the pool.
The triceratopses all sit while Bill pulls another cigar out of his jacket pocket and hands it to
me, which I graciously accept. I place it into my mouth and then grin as my T-rex companion lights it.
"So listen," Bill Murky says, "you're kind of a dickbag, you understand that right?"
I almost choke on the smoke but catch myself, completely surprised by this comment. This is not
at all the sensual wooing that I was expecting.
"What?" I ask.
"You're a dickbag," the T-rex continues, "a little shit, a spoiled brat."
"I mean, I'm just doing business," I stammer, struggling to explain myself.
"Yeah, but we all are, you know?" Bill Murky counters. "Everybody's gotta make a living, I get
that, but we're not all dicks about it. You go out of your way to be terrible, what's up with that?"
"I just…" I start, trailing off. Suddenly, I realize that I don't quite have an answer to this one.
"You think it might have something to do with not having any friends?" the T-Rex continues after
a glorious puff of his cigar.
"Maybe," I admit, looking down.
Even though this line of questions was not at all what I expected from these handsome
dinosaurs, I still can't help myself being turned on by their approach. There is something about our
conversation that seems so much more real than the stuff that I'm used to. I feel as though Bill Murky
really, truly knows and understands me at my very core, an incredible feat seeing as we've only just
met.
"I'm just so lonely," I finally admit. "I've never had many friends, and now that I'm rich I try to
surround myself with objects to make myself feel better. That didn't work so, I guess, I just try to
make other people more miserable."
"Like blind orphans and kittens?" Bill Murky questions.
I nod.
"That's fucked," he tells me bluntly. "You've gotta knock it off with that shit. Raising the price
of drugs by like four hundred dollars? Are you serious?"
"I know," I say, looking down and shaking my head, "I know."
I can't help it, I actually start to cry right then and there as my heart is flooded with a true
understanding of the pain and misfortune that I have caused all of these people over the years. My
heart aches, broken into a million pieces, but there is no one to blame here but myself.
I can feel the T-Rex comedian place his large and powerful claw on my shoulder, his touch
soothing me as I turn to face him and begin crying into his shoulder.
"I've been such a fool," I sob.
The T-rex begins to move his claw along my back, causing the faintest sparks of warmth to
begin growing somewhere deep down within my heart, and my cock.
"Oh my god," I sigh, the words limply escaping from my lips.
I press harder against the handsome T-rex, his cock bulging within the fabric of his suit pants
and making me tremble with a gay desire that I have never felt before.
"I want you," I finally whisper.
"I don't want anything to do with your evil ass," replies Bill Murky, but I'll sure pound it to get
that record back."
Suddenly overwhelmed with lust, I kiss the T-rex deeply and passionately on his green, scaly
lips.
Soon, I find myself completely surrounded by the dinosaurs from every angle. I let out a soft
sigh, succumbing to the sensation of their touch as it overwhelms me. The hunky prehistoric beasts
know exactly what to do with their claws, slowly removing my clothing and then tracing their way
down to my rock hard cock.
I bite my lip as one of them begins to stroke me slowly, barely even noticing that, by now, I'm
standing completely naked between them.
"Fuck yeah," I groan, "Pound me like the evil little fuck toy that I am."
I look down and see that they dinosaurs have all pulled their enormous cocks from their fabric
sheaths, their shafts rubbing across my body in a hurricane of reptile dick.
Overwhelmed with gay arousal, I immediately drop down to my knees between them and begin
to furiously suck them off, pumping my head up and down over the length of their rods as I make my
way around the circle. It appears that the dinosaurs weren't expecting such a quick and enthusiastic
validation of their legally binding clause, but they quickly fall into step with my passionate blowjobs,
placing scaly hands on the back of my head and helping to pump me up and down.
Eventually, I take one of the creature's giant rods and push it down as far as I can, letting his
length slide deep into the depths of my throat. Despite my enthusiasm, however, I'm not quite ready
for the dinosaur's incredible size and, the next thing I know, I'm gagging on his mammoth, Jurassic
dick.
The creature pulls out as a sputter and gasp, trying desperately to collect my senses. "I'm sorry,
let's try that again," I offer.
I open wide and the dinosaur rapper slips his cock within for a second time, only now I've
somehow managed to relax enough to allow his manhood to be fully consumed. His cock sinks deeper
and deeper into my throat, finally coming to rest with his balls pressed tightly against my chin.
I look up at the creature's yellow eyes and give a playful wink, allowing him to enjoy the
sensation of complete consumption as he holds me here.
Meanwhile, I reach out with each hand and grab ahold of two massive prehistoric dicks,
stroking them off in a series of slow, firm pumps. The creatures seem to enjoy this greatly, letting out
a chorus of otherworldly moans as they trade positions within my hands.
Eventually, I run out of air and am finally forced to pull back with a gasp, releasing the
dinosaur's huge rod from my throat. I am so horny that I can hardly stand it, trembling with
anticipation as I look up at the Yu-Bang Clan and Bill Murky with wild, lustful eyes.
"I want you inside of my ass," I beg. "I need your big, thick, celebrity dinosaur cocks."
"That's what I'm talkin' about," Bill Murky says with a chuckle.
I finally have no problem admitting that I'm happy we've come to a deal. Without hesitation, I
stand up and walk over to a nearby chaise lounge, bending my toned, nude body over it and looking
back at the creatures coyly.
"Get over here and pound this tight evil billionaire asshole!" I command.
The rapper dinosaurs immediately follow my instructions and, the next thing I know, they have
surrounded me once more, beating off their dicks while they watch a particularly hung beast align his
cock with the tight rim of my butt. I can feel him teasing the edges of my tightness, and then moments
later he slides deep inside of me.
I let out a sharp yelp as my body adjusts to the dinosaurs massive size. He is absolutely
enormous, the thickness of his big green dick stretching me out and filling me completely.
The dinosaur pumps in and out, slowly at first and then gaining speed with every thrust until,
eventually, he is pounding me with everything that he's got. The force of his confident slams shake the
chaise lounge below me, our loud rhythm ringing out across the back yard.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck," I begin to cry, unable to contain all of the pleasant sensation as it flows
through me. "You're fucking me so good!"
I'm ready to continue my erotic diatribe but, at this point, another one of the dinosaurs kneels
down before me and shoves his massive rod between my lips. Suddenly, I find myself completely
silenced, unable to make any sound other than a wild squeal as I'm pounded from either end.
These ancient monsters slam away at me brutally but, surprisingly, the more ruthless they are
with my body, the more it turns me on. I want to be completely used by the dinosaurs, their own
personal gay sex toy for the evening. I've been a very bad little billionaire, and I deserve to be
punished.
Eventually, the triceratops rappers in both of my holes pull out and let another pair have a turn,
trading places within my tightness as they form lines at either end of the chaise lounge. Each of the
new Yu-Bang Clan members is just as skilled as the first, however, picking up right where the last
ones left off and plowing away at my body with a passionate fury.
I can feel the first hints of a prostate orgasm begin to blossom within me, starting deep down in
my stomach and then spreading out as it courses across my arms and legs. I start to tremble and shake,
my muscles spasming while I reach a single hand down to beat my cock.
Closer and closer I edge towards a powerful orgasm, almost reaching the final breaking point
when suddenly the dinosaurs pull out of me and give my ass a hard slap.
I look back at them, confused. "What's going on?" I ask. "Punish my butt!"
The creatures don't answer, but two of them help me to my feet while I am replaced on the
chaise lounge by one of the triceratops rappers himself. The dinosaur is laying on his back, his
massive cock jutting out from his muscular, scaly like a beautiful tower of aching flesh.
"Get on," the prehistoric celebrity entertainer commands.
I do as I'm told, throwing my long legs around either side of the flattened pool chair and then
crouching down onto the massive dick below me. As the dinosaur enters my ass I grab onto his
shoulders, guiding my descent until I am completely impaled across the length of his huge member.
It feels absolutely incredible, and I instinctively begin to buck against him in slow but firm
swoops. Every grind of my hips grows harder and harder, my body still trying to adjust to his
enormous size until finally the sensation is just too incredible and I begin to fuck him hard, riding his
dick like a jackhammer.
"Fuck yes!" I scream, the sensation of prostate orgasm boiling up within me once more. "Oh my
god, that contractually binding dino dick is so fucking good! Fuck me! Fuck me! Make my ownership
of this one-of-a-kind rap album void!"
I'm so caught up in the moment that I barely notice Bill Murky climb into position behind me.
Suddenly, all of that changes however, as the comedian T-rex places his thick cock against the already
filled entrance of my asshole and slams forward, double penetrating me ruthlessly.
I let out a wild scream of pain and pleasure, my body barely having any time to adjust to the
powerful fullness. I look back at the thunder lizard in shock, but what started as a moment of anger
quickly transforms into a lustful gay snarl. The sensation is unexpected, unlike anything I have ever
felt, but it's honestly quite amazing.
Soon enough, I find myself fully enjoying the sensation of their double plugging. The three of us
eventually find a rhythm together, pulsing like some strange, dinosexual hybrid. My breathing heavy, I
reach down between my legs and begin to frantically stroke my dick, adding even more pleasure to
the already overwhelming onslaught. My eyes roll back into my head as a long, powerful groan
escapes my throat.
"I'm gonna cum," I start chanting, "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna fucking cum so
hard!"
The tension within me has built to a breaking point, ready to burst as I tremble and shake wildly.
Everything within me is clenched tight, just waiting to explode until finally it does and I let out a roar
of joyful ecstasy.
"I'm cumming!" I scream. "The album is yours!"
The dinosaurs who are double fucking my asshole don't let up for a second, giving it to me with
everything that they've got and sticking with it throughout the entire orgasm. Jizz erupts from the head
of my cock, splattering everywhere. Every slam that they push within me just adds to the blinding
pulses of sensation, treating me to wave after wave of bliss until, finally, I fall forward in exhaustion.
I am completely spent as I lay here against the dinosaurs cool skin.
"That was fucking amazing," I gush.
The prehistoric creatures aren't finished with me yet, though.
The next thing I know, Bill Murky has picked up speed, slamming me hard from behind and then
pushing deep as he explodes with a payload of hot, milky jizz. His cum fills my ass quickly, gushing
forth with a reptilian intensity until its squirting out from the edges of my packed anal rim.
When the dinosaur finally pulls out a whole torrent of jizz comes with him, the pearly liquid
running down my ass and providing ample lube for the next creature in line.
Soon enough, another dinosaur has stepped up to take the last one's place, aligning the head of
his shaft with my rim and then plowing forward in a second, brutal double penetration. The creature
quickly gets to work slamming my butthole, enjoying my tightness and then thrusting deep to release a
load of his own.
"Oh shit!" I cry out, the monster's jizz swirling within me as it mixes with the cum that came
before it.
The dinosaur stays put until he has completely emptied himself and then finally pulls to allow a
third Jurassic monster to take his place.
The dinosaurs continue like this for what seems like forever, double plowing my reamed out
butthole and then eventually blowing their load into the mix with the others. I completely lose track of
how many have taken me, and soon the only measure of telling becomes the splatters of semen that
leak out from my ass. Soon enough, though, the last dinosaur finishes within and I find myself with
only one left to satisfy, the creature who has been so diligently ramming my butthole from the front.
This final triceratops pushes me off of him and then stands up, beating off his dick furious with
his claw while a look up and smile from my knees below. I stick out my tongue, coaxing him onward
until finally the dinosaur explodes across my face. His warm, sticky jizz flies everywhere, though I
manage to catch quite a bit of it in my mouth and then swallow hungrily.
"That was really nice," I tell the dinosaur, "you taste great."
Without a response, the handsome rapper above me turns and heads for the door.
"Wait a minute!" I cry out, standing up and watching as the entire gang of hunky reptilian
creatures disappears back into the house.
I follow them inside and see that Bill Murky has already removed the one of a kind record from
its case with his T-rex claws, carefully carrying it through the mansion and towards my front door.
"But wait, don't you love me!?" I cry. "Was it really all about the record, I thought that we had
something!"
The dinosaurs don't say a word.
"Are you honestly telling me there is nothing between us?" I shout, completely losing it. "Are
you honestly telling me that this love isn't real?"
The dinosaurs open up the front door and file out until only Bill Murky is left, the T-rex stopping
at the threshold and turning to give me a wide, sharp-toothed smile.
"Sorry," he says, "it's just business."
"Nooo!" I cry out, falling to my knees and throwing my head back in a painful scream of true
loss.
Bill Murky steps outside and closes the door behind him, leaving me all alone once more in my
giant, empty mansion.