Throughout history, there will always be a select few who stand up against oppression, bigotry
and intolerance. That is how it starts, with a handful of folks who just can't take it anymore and
decide to do something about the position that they've been thrust into.
I've read about these people ever since I was a young man, but never in my wildest dreams did
I ever think that I would grow up to be one.
When I first realized that I was gay, I wrongfully assumed that overcoming societies intolerance
of my lifestyle would be my biggest hurdle. Of course, I had no way of knowing what would happen
in the years to come.
As time passed the political climate changed greatly. People started to completely forget about
borderlines of sexuality, instead turning their attention to the differences between humans and
unicorns.
When I was younger, unicorns were the last thing anyone would have had a problem with, sweet
horned beasts with beautiful flowing manes and killer style. But as unicorn music became more
popular and began to invade the conservative homes of modern America, people started to take notice
of this incoming foreign influence.
Soon enough, unicorn's turned from an edgy subculture to headline news.
After forming the UFL, unicorn football league, it was all over. The unicorns were faster than
us, stronger than us, and better at interceptions. Unicorns had gone mainstream.
The craziest part, however, was when the unicorn lifestyle began to overshadow its human
counterpart. Eventually, human football became a thing of the past as the unicorn games continued to
produce more and more exciting matchups. A few of the players did manage to cross over and play in
the UFL, but they remained closeted humans, never mentioning in any interviews that they were, in
fact, not unicorns.
By the end of the transition, almost ninety percent of professional football players in American
were out of a job.
Thankfully, I am one of the ten percent who remained, but it didn't come without a price. I may
be openly gay, but the world at large can never know that I'm not actually a unicorn.
Keeping up appearances isn't as hard as you would think in the UFL. I basically just go about
my day as any other player would; practicing all the time, doing endorsements, hanging out with the
guys. Really, the only thing I have to worry about is that terrifying question that pops up every so
often in interviews.
I remember the first time that it happened. My team, the Los Angeles Sparkles, had just won our
second consecutive Hornbowl and we were all reeling from the victory. The press conference was
uproarious and full of laugher, but everything got awkward quick when I took the microphone and was
asked my first question of the night.
I vividly remember the little old woman standing up and adjusting the thick-rimmed glasses on
her face as she glanced down at the notepad in her hand. "Aaron Duncan." She began. "Are you a
unicorn?"
The question was so unexpected that I could barely function. My unicorn classification had
never once been called into doubt, and why should it? I play just as hard out there on the field as the
rest of my team. Not to mention the fact that there are plenty of other players in the UFL who seem
much less like a unicorn than I do. Even I have my doubts.
I swallowed hard and tried my best to collect my thoughts. "Yes, I'm a unicorn. Why wouldn't
I be?" I asked.
"Well, because you don't have a horn, or hooves!" Said the old woman, a sharp accusatory tone
in her voice.
I laughed out loud, trying my best to put up a front. "I can assure you, I'm completely unicorn in
every way. Next please."
A slew of hands all shot up, each of them with a much more pertinent question than whether or
not I was a unicorn. I finished off the rest of the press conference well, but still, in the back of my
mind, the woman's questions lingered. Was I really that obvious?
Over the offseason it was all that I could think about.
At first, I was angry that this woman would even ask such a thing. How dare she pry into my
private life like that, as if it was any of her business what species I was. Officially, there is no rule
stating that a human player cannot play in the UFL, and any aversion to such a thing was purely due to
the fact that it had never been done before. Soon, my anger became directed towards myself, directed
towards that fact that I didn't have the balls to stand up at the press conference and proudly say, "Yes,
I am a human player in the unicorn football league."
It was at the moment that I realized what had to be done, and as the next year of football started I
began asking around the team for their opinion of me coming out as a human player. Of course, all of
the rest of the players had my back, including our unicorn coach.
The rest is all up to me.
Now standing behind the stage, I can barely stop shaking as I wait for the press wranglers to
call me out onto the microphone. This is our first press conference of the season and everyone's in
great spirits after winning our first game against the New England Rainbows. I should be thrilled
right now, but I'm not. Only one thing is on my mind.
My friend and fellow player, Dirk Rando steps up behind me and puts a hoof on my shoulder. I
turn around to face him, trying to hide the intense anxiety that seems to surge through every inch of my
body.
"You're gonna be fine." Dirk says reassuringly. "Just remember that me and the rest of the guys
have your back."
"I know." I tell him. "Thanks bud. It's just so crazy to think of how much this means to so
many people, so many other's claiming unicorn but really just lonely, closeted humans."
"I'm not gonna pretend I know what it's like." Dirk tells me. "But I feel for you man, that's all I
can say."
"I appreciate that." I tell him.
We both pause for a moment and in the silence I suddenly pick up on a strange electricity
between us. I have always though of Dirk as one of my best friends, but in this moment of comfort I
get the very distinct impression that something more is simmering just below the surface. This team
means everything to me, Dirk included, but suddenly I'm understanding just how much their support
and affection is actually worth. I've been so wrapped up in the question of whether or not I was a
unicorn, that I forget what it meant to be human. How could I have been so blind to what was sitting
right in front of me this whole time?
"Dirk." I suddenly say, my emotions overwhelming any semblance of rational thought. "I think
I love…"
Suddenly, I hear my name being called from the stage and I straighten myself up, trying to
smooth out any wrinkles on my suit.
"Go get ‘em… human." Says dirk with a wink.
I smile, then turn around to head out onto stage and into a barrage of frantic flashbulbs. I give a
confident wave and step up to the podium. "Hey everybody, thanks for coming out!"
The crowd settles down a bit as the first questioner stands up. I see her and my breath
immediately catches in my throat, my heart skipping into double time. There before me is the same
woman from last year's press conference, the little old lady who had first brought my human identity
into question.
"Hello Aaron." The voice that haunts my dreams begins. "I don't know if you remember me. I
was the woman who asked you last year about that allegations that you are actually secretly a human
player in the Unicorn Football League."
"I remember." I tell her. "How could I forget?"
"I lot has happened since then." The woman continues. "Allegations continue to gain traction
and several witnesses have come forward to report that you are, in fact, a human being. Now that all
of this time has gone by, is there anything else you'd like to say about these accusations?"
The crowd goes quiet in anticipation of my response, which seems to be stuck somewhere deep
down in the back of my throat. I so desperately want to reassure her that I am a unicorn, to lie through
my teeth like I have a million times before and then get out of here as quickly as possible, but I just
can't do it. I close my eyes and center myself, taking note of the way that the harsh lights of the room
warm my skin. I take a deep breath.
"Yes." I finally respond. "There is something I'd like to say about that." I slowly look around
the room at each and every one of the press agents, connecting with as many as I can. "I am a human
being." I finally say. "Not a unicorn."
The entire crowd gasps audibly, and then frantically begins to shout out questions for me to
answer. I raise my hand up and quiet the mob.
"I'm a human and I'm proud to play in the Unicorn Football League." I say confidently. "I have
the full support of my team and I look forward to continuing a great season with the Los Angeles
Sparkles."
"Won't it be distracting to have a human player out on the field with all these unicorns?"
Someone shouts.
I scoff. "Was it distracting before you knew I wasn't a unicorn? Of course not!"
"Why not just keep it to yourself?" Another one of the reporters asks.
"Because this is who I am." I retort. "I'm a human, I can't keep pretending to be a unicorn
because that's what you all want from me. I'm not going to live a lie anymore."
I answer a few more queries and then eventually find myself dismissed when the question and
answer time draws to a close.
Almost immediately, my phone starts buzzing with texts from friends and family. At first, I'm
worried about what they might say, until I read a few of them and realize that there's nothing but love
for me coming out of the unicorn closet. I scroll down the list of contacts voicing their support,
smiling wide until I reach the first message. It's from Dirk.
"Hey man, come back to the locker room after the press conference." I read aloud. "Me and the
guys want to talk to you about something."
I know full well that I have the team's support, but Dirk's words still put on me edge.
‘On my way.' I text back, then head straight for the showers.
When I get there I find the whole team waiting for me, hanging out around the locker room and
discussing something in a hushed tone.
"What's up guys?" I ask, letting the door swing shut behind me. I'm so nervous that literally
I'm trembling.
Dirk stands and walks over to me, his brilliant ivory horn shining under the stark lighting from
above. "Hey man, nice work out there." Dirk says.
A smile begins to creep across my face as the entire room full of unicorns begin neighing loudly
and stomping their hooves.
"Thanks." I offer bashfully. "I appreciate it guys."
"You know, I was kinda suspicious for a while there, but I didn't want to say anything." The
quarterback, Russell Marks tells me. "I guess I was right!"
I laugh. "What gave me away?"
Russell shrugs his unicorn shoulders. "I don't know, you don't really have a mane or anything."
I nod. He's right about that, and looking back I'm shocked that my bare neck never gave me
away.
"Anyway." Dirk interjects. "Me and the guys were talking and…" He trails off.
"What is it?" I ask, equally confused and curious.
Dirk looks around at the rest of our teammates. "We're a really close team, you know?"
I nod.
"It's like… I think I love you, man." Dirk continues. "We all do."
Suddenly, my heart is flooded with emotion, all of these years anxiety and tension flowing out of
me in a stream of salty tears. "I love you, too." I say. "All of you."
Dirk comes forward and nuzzles into me with his unicorn head, careful not to poke me with the
point of his sharp horn. I wrap my arms around him and hold him close, enjoying the warmth of
Dirk's warm fuzzy skin against mine.
Suddenly, it hits me. None of the guys are wearing their uniforms. In fact, none of the unicorns
are wearing any clothes at all.
I step back in shock. "Whoa, what's going on here?" I stammer.
Dirk grins reassuringly. "Okay, don't freak out, but we've got something to ask you about."
Completely at a loss, I shake my head in exasperation and beg to know, "What is it?"
"Well, we were all talking, and a lot of us have never been with a human before. You know,
slept with one." Says Dirk.
The second that my unicorn friend says this I can feel my cock start to harden within my pants.
"We were wondering if you'd be interested in showing us." Dirk asks.
"Showing you?" I question, knowing full well what he means but begging him to spell it out for
me.
"Fucking us." Dirk clarifies.
My heart flutters and for a moment I feel as though I'm about to pass out right then and there. I
had only just professed my undying love for these incredible beasts, and now they are trying to fuck
me.
"Yes." I gasp, the words leaving my lips well before I have a chance to even consider the
consequences. "Fuck me!" I say.
Slowly, I unbutton my shirt and reveal my toned chest and abs.
The unicorns begin to whinny happily, enjoying the show. I continue by slipping off my pants
and then slowly, seductively removing my underwear until I am standing before them completely
naked, my shaft rock hard and at the ready.
My teammates take me in with their huge unicorn eyes, enjoying the look of my muscular human
body.
After a brief moment Dirk locks his gaze with mine, sharing a moment of unspoken affection,
then he gracefully rolls over onto his back and opens his legs. The unicorn's massive cock is on
display for me, a beautiful tower of sex just beaconing for my lips to be wrapped around it.
I know that my dynamic with the team will never ever be the same if I go through with this, but
right now I'm too horny to even care, giving in to the animalistic side of my brain and letting my lust
take the reigns. Seconds later, I'm on my knees letting this enormous hairy dick slide between my wet
lips.
I bob up and down on the beast's rod for a while, letting him enjoy the sensation of my soft
mouth across his hard, swollen unicorn cock. Dirk groans in a magical, beastly way, clearly enjoying
himself as I pleasure him. I take his huge unicorn balls in my hand and cradle them as I service my
teammate, barely noticing the other two beasts until they have clopped up on either side of me and
turned themselves over, as well.
I reach out with both hands and take each of their cocks, pumping along with the rhythm of my
mouth. All three of these MPV, Hornbowl winning unicorns begin to push back against me, thrusting
their rods forward through the tightness of my firm grip.
I push down as far as I can on the cock in my mouth, choking a little and then relaxing enough to
let it slide past my gag reflex. I hold his enormous shaft down there for a while, letting Dirk fully
appreciate my sexual dexterity before coming back up for air.
I take in a huge gasp and then dive back down again, pushing even farther this time until my face
is pressed hard against the unicorn's stomach. The beast puts its hooves behind my head and helps to
keep me steady, holding me for as long as I can take it and then finally letting me up in a flurry of
coughing sputters and teary eyes.
I glance around to see that there's an entire circle of unicorns lying on their backs around me
now, their massive dicks standing straight up like giant goal posts towards the ceiling. Immediately, I
begin to make my way around the circle, taking them three at a time before moving on to the next set.
The team enjoys me thoroughly, roughly making use of my human hands and lips. They pass me
around with an animalistic power that should, honestly, be a little terrifying, but I can't help finding
myself enjoying it.
My cock is swollen and hard from all this attention, and finally I just can't take it anymore. I sit
up on all fours, letting the unicorns get a good look at my muscular, gay ass as I reach down and start
to slowly stroke my dick. The team begins to neigh and stomp again, excited to have a chance at
fucking me for real.
"You like that don't you?" I ask Dirk and the guys. I reach back with my hand and spread open
my ass for them, egging them on. "You've probably been wondering all your life what it's like to fuck
a real human dude, haven't you?"
I slip a single finger into my gay asshole, going deep and then pulling it out again.
Immediately, one of the unicorns, Tank the quarterback, clops over behind me and begins to
mount. I look back over my shoulder at him, watching as the giant beast heaves himself over the back
of my body and aligns his swollen cock with the entrance of my tight butthole.
"Fuck me!" I command.
"Hut, hut… Hike!" Tank says with a laugh. The unicorn quarterback thrusts forward and slides
into my puckered asshole. I let out a long, gracious moan as he stretches me out, my tightness giving
way to his enormous girth. The monster goes to work, slamming up into me as I brace myself against
his powerful movements.
For never being with a human lover, Tank is incredibly adept at fucking me. The sensation is
wonderful; a beautiful mixture of pleasure and fearful submission to this powerful, yet elegant, beast.
Before I know it, another one of the giant unicorns has climbed into position in front of me, his
cock fat and swollen. I barely have time to open my mouth before he's thrusting his way inside,
pushing deep down into my throat while I'm throttled from the back. The two unicorns instantly find a
pulse between them as they slam me from both ends, rattling my large frame with every thrust while
they gain speed inside of me. They go harder and harder, never letting up as I groan with pleasure
between them until finally I'm worried I might actually get hurt.
Fortunately for me, this is precisely when the team decides to let two other unicorns have a go.
The originals pull out of me and stomp away while two others quickly take their place, starting slow
again and then building ferocity as they slam into me.
This pattern continues for a while until I lose track of how many giant unicorn cocks I've taken.
It feels as though the entire team has had their way with my body, and even though the initial thought
of being violated by so many beasts is disturbing, to say the least, there's no part of me that isn't
completely satisfied and at ease. These aren't just any unicorns, these are the unicorns that I love.
Eventually, the team has had enough of this position and release me from their sexual unicorn-
kabob. I wipe the tears from my eyes and the saliva from my mouth, and then look up at them, ready
for more.
"I love you." I confess to Dirk as he stands in front of me. "I want us all to be together, the
whole unicorn team."
"We want that, too." Dirk assures me. "We all want the same thing, and it's going to be
beautiful."
One of the unicorns is lying on his back next to me now, and with all four of his hooves he
seems to be motioning for me to climb onto him. An excited smirk crossing my face, I quickly crawl
over to my teammate and straddle his huge, unicorn body, carefully lowering myself down so that his
giant cock slides right up into my ass. I begin to ride him, enjoying myself immensely until I see
another one of the beasts climbing into position behind us.
"Whoa buddy!" I say out loud, looking back at him as he heaves himself over the top of me. "I
don't know about that."
No sooner have the words left my mouth does the beast behind me thrust himself firmly into my
already taken asshole, successfully double penetrating me. I let out a yelp of surprise that slowly
morphs into an animalistic growl as I find myself enjoying it. I push back towards them, slamming
down hard against every upward thrust. Their members stretch me tight, filling me entirely as they
throb together within my single hole.
It's not long before the unicorn football player behind me starts gaining speed, slamming harder
and harder until the beast pushes deep within my asshole and spills out his hot load up my ass. The
beast lets out a satisfied groan as he holds deep, filling me with pump after pump of sticky sperm and
then, finally, pulling out so that another unicorn can have a chance within my aching human butthole.
Using the cum as lube, this new unicorn thrusts into me from behind and begins hammering away
with equal fervor, steadily gaining speed like the last one until he explodes, as well. The unicorn
player unleashes even more spunk inside of my asshole, mixing with the hot load that came before it.
As he pulls out, some of the white liquid spills out of my tightness and runs down my toned legs in
pearly streaks.
The unicorns continue to fuck me like this, taking turns within my asshole as the original beast
pounds me from below. Eventually, there's no room left in my asshole for their magical unicorn cum,
which overflows from my orifice every time that I'm unplugged.
I've taken about ten of their loads, with no end in sight. The entire team is here, waiting and
ready to explode within me as an expression of our everlasting interspecies love.
"Cum inside me!" I scream at them. "Fucking cum inside my gay ass!"
I reach down and start to frantically beat my cock, pushing myself closer and closer to orgasm
until finally I just can't take anymore and my body erupts with pleasure. The powerful sensation
flows through me in waves, each one of them stronger than the next as I seize with ecstasy. I close my
eyes and clench my teeth, barely able to stand the blissed out feelings that rock me from head to toe,
while cum shoots from the end of my cock.
My screams of pleasure echo throughout the locker room and down the hallway, ricocheting off
of the concrete walls.
When I've finally finished I find myself in a gay, fucked-silly daze, barely able to keep my eyes
open as the beasts continue to ram me.
Finally, the last one in front finishes and the unicorn below pulls out of me, rolling me off of him
and onto the locker room floor. I look up to see the final unicorn teammate standing over me and then
smile happily as, moments later, he unleashes his unicorn load across my face.
I scan the eager crowd of reporters.
"Yes, you." I say with a smile, pointing to the little old woman in the front row of tonight's
press conference. I remember a time when her face caused me more anxiety than I could bear, but by
now I'd honestly consider her a friend.
The older woman stands and takes out her notepad as a few flashbulbs go off. "It's been quite
the season for your team, completely undefeated going into the playoffs." She says. "That's a first in
UFL history. To what do you owe your success this season?"
"Hard work." I tell her. "Determination… and love."
"There has been a lot happening off the field with the Los Angeles Sparkles, too." The woman
says with a nod. "You came out as the leagues first openly human player, and then later when the
entire team revealed that you were all participating in a massive, team wide romantic relationship
with one another."
"That's correct." I tell her. "We play hard, and we love hard."