"How's it going in here?" My boss, Ken Yonks asks, pushing through the door of the conference
room. I can already tell that he's got some bad news for me, yet another unfortunate addition to the
string of bad luck that has plagued this case since it was assigned to me a few months back.
"It's good, man, it's good. I think I'm ready." I tell him with as much confidence as I can
muster.
"You think?" My boss says, clearly put off by my lackluster response. "You're the best lawyer
that we've got at this firm and you're telling me that you think you're ready?"
"I know I'm ready." I correct myself, "But this case has been driving me crazy."
Ken takes in a deep breath; as if he's trying to retain every last second that he can before telling
me whatever bad news is tucked away in the folder that he carries. "You're not ready, Mark."
I laugh and shake my head. "What is it now?" I say. The opposing law firm has thrown
everything that they've got at us in an effort to protect their client; Accusations of misconduct, motions
to change the venue, the whole nine yards. With the opening statements less than twenty-four hours
away, it's no wonder they've decided to pull out one last trick play, probably just to fuck with us.
"Now we pray." Says Ken. There is a deep seriousness on his face now that nearly stops me in
my tracks, and the second I see his expression shift I realize that the other side has probably already
won.
"Did they bring in Nart Bolguk?" I ask, fearful of Ken's impending response.
My boss nods slowly.
The two of us sit in silence for a moment before I suddenly slam my hands down onto the
conference room table and throw the statements I'd been memorizing across the room. "Fuck!" I
exclaim in a moment of pure, unfiltered frustration.
Nart Bolguk is the best lawyer this town has ever known, but really that description only begins
to scratch the surface. Nart is a bigfoot who wandered out of the woods at the tender age of twenty
one and immediately passed the bar like he was reciting the alphabet, completely self taught. He
started taking on cases immediately and soon became the most sought after lawyer in recent memory,
boasting an impressively flawless record by never loosing a single case. It's now five years later and
the majestic creature has still never lost, including several cases that we're considered unwinnable
by almost everyone involved.
Of course, it doesn't stop there. In the meantime, Nart somehow became well enough versed in
both heart, and brain surgery, to become a respected doctor who spends his days in the courtroom and
his nights in the emergency room, saving lives any way that he can.
I've personally never met Nart Bolguk, but I've certainly heard stories. It's said that once the
monster showed up to the most popular downtown nightclub and picked up everyone's tab for the
whole evening, then lead an impromptu dance off which Nart won (without much contest, either, due
to his incredible salsa dancing skills picked up during a summer overseas in the heart of Spain).
Rumor has it that he left that night with a supermodel on each arm.
Which leads us to the real reason that Nart Bolguk rubs me the wrong way, despite all of his
help to the community and his admirable skills as an attorney.
I have it on good authority, from more than one trusted source, that Nart is as gay as they come.
Being an openly gay man myself, and plugged deep into the queer community here in New York City, I
have more than one friend who has had a fling with the charismatic lawyer doctor. Yet, for all the
good it would do for the gay community, Nart refuses to come out of the closet.
Of course, this is a lot to sum up in one simple response to Ken, so instead I offer simply, "I
fucking hate that guy."
"Don't we all." Says Ken. "But that's not going to help us win this case. You're going to need
to knock your opening argument out of the water tomorrow morning."
"I know." I say, nodding in affirmation.
"I'm sure you're aware that Nart Bolbuk has never lost." Ken says, a question wrapped within
a statement that simply lingers there in the air, hanging above us like a giant anvil waiting to drop.
"I know." I repeat, the anxiety growing within me.
"Alrighty then." Ken says, rapping his knuckles on the hard oak conference table. "Go get ‘em,
Mark."
With that, my boss leaves the room. I sit in absolute silence, waiting until he's gone before
lowering my head down into my hands. It's going to be a long night.
Ten minutes until opening arguments and the opposition's lawyer, the infamous Nart Bolguk, has
yet to arrive. As unprofessional as this seems, I'm not all that surprised thanks to the monsters
notorious flair for big entrances and passionate outbursts.
I look down at my watch, and no sooner have I lifted my head does Nart come bursting through
the courtroom door in all of his glory; a large, imposing bigfoot wearing nothing but emergency room
scrubs on the bottom and a medical face mask covering his mouth. He is shirtless, showing off his
ripped bigfoot abs with a stethoscope hanging proudly around his next, a subtle way of showing off
that he is, in fact, a doctor as well as an attorney.
The entire crowd of onlookers seated behind us in the courtroom burst into a frenzy of excited
whispers, trying to keep the volume below a hushed chatter but failing miserably. Soon their prattle
reaches a low roar and the judge is forced to bang his gavel loudly, calling out for order in the
courtroom.
I glance over at Nart but he doesn't even return the gaze, acting as though I'm not even here in
the same room with him. I immediately see what everyone finds so appearing about the beast though.
Not only is he incredibly smart (both a doctor and a lawyer), but the bigfoot carries himself with a
rugged confidence that can only be found in the most suave of characters. It's as though the world
must answer to him, not the other way around, and Nart knows it. He wields his power of social
dominance like a great sword, and we are lucky to be within his presence just long enough to bow
down to it.
"Now that all parties have arrived, are you ready to make your opening statement?" The judge
asks me.
I nod and stand up from my desk, sorting through a few notes before laying them back down onto
the table in orderly stack. "Yes, your honor." I say, stepping out into the front of the courtroom and
turning towards the jury.
I begin my opening statement. "My name is Mark Tucker, and over the next few weeks I am
going to be explaining to you a few…"
Suddenly, I trail off, the words stumbling out of my mouth and then disappearing into
nothingness. My gaze has somehow drifted onto a shiny brass post that sits on the corner of the jury
box, and within it's reflection I can see the image of Nart sitting behind me, leaning back coolly in his
chair as he watches the proceedings. There is something about him that is just so effortless, so sexy,
that it immediately takes my breath away.
"Mr. Tucker, Mr. Tucker?" The judge repeats, until finally nabbing my attention. "Mark
Tucker?"
I turn to him immediately. "Yes?" I ask.
"You were just about to begin your opening arguments? I assume you've prepared more than
just half of that sentence?" He asks mockingly.
"Oh, yes." I say, straightening myself out and collecting my thoughts. I glance over at my boss,
Ken, who's sitting in the front row with a look of utter horror plastered across his face. I clear my
throat.
"My name is Mark…" I begin again, still a little shaken. "My name is Mark Tucker and I'm
here…" I lose track of the syllables again as I notice an amused smirk cross Nart's face in his
reflection on the brass post.
Now I freeze up completely, not staying a word as my mind is overwhelmed with thoughts of
bewilderment at just how sexy this bigfoot doctor lawyer is. The entire courtroom begins to murmur
in confusion, trying to figure out exactly what's happening. Even I barely know the answer to that.
"I'm sorry." I finally profess, turning around and heading past my desk, then out of the
courtroom with my head staring directly at the floor. I can hear the judge banging his gavel once
again, demanding that the crowd remain orderly despite this completely absurd situation.
I push through the large double doors and out into the hallway, leaving my life as a lawyer
behind me forever.
Or so I thought.
The bar is almost entirely empty at this point, but the woman behind the counter is kind enough
to keep bringing me beers. The television has been playing footage of my dramatic exit from city hall
all morning, along with news of a mistrial, but it doesn't seem like the bartender recognizes me.
She's just a kind soul who recognizes when the only cure for sorrow is a stiff drink.
I've been here for hours now, longer than even seems possible, really. I've seen five or six
waves of customers come and go at this point, from the afternoon lunch crowd to the dinner rush and
then the late night party scene. Now it's just me and a few other very sad patrons, ships in the night
who've decided to give each other some space to wallow in our own separate sadness.
I'm staring down at the bar in front of me, considering another shot, when I see the door open
from across the room, a movement just barely within my peripheral vision. I don't even need to turn
my head to see who it is, I can simply sense the presence of Nart, who seems to be psychically
exuding the intense, feverish charm of both a doctor and a lawyer wherever he goes. I can feel the
hair on the back on my neck stand on edge as he approaches, my heart kicking into double time and my
thoughts pleading over and over again that he will simply walk on by and not even notice me.
Of course, that's not what happens.
I can hear the chair slide out next to me and the large creature take a seat.
"An old fashioned." Nart tells the bartender
The woman quickly starts to mix Nart's drink, her gaze unwavering as she stares at the
incredible beast.
"Hell of a day." Nart says, almost to himself.
I sit in silence.
"Your boss, Ken." The bigfoot continues. "He told me you'd be in here."
"What do you want?" I finally snap, sounding more aggressive than I truly feel. Deep within,
there is a strange yearning to be near this creature still; but it's a conflicted feeling, full or turmoil and
apprehension. This bigfoot just ruined my life, but he's so damn charming that I can't stay mad at him.
"I wanted to see how you were doing. That was quite a show you put on in there today." Nart
says, placing a warm hand on my shoulder. His touch sends a chill down my spine and, almost
immediately, I can feel my cock growing harder within my pants.
I glance over and him and when our eyes meet there's an instant electricity between us that
cannot be denied. "I know." I admit. "I don't know what happened."
Nart smiles warmly. "It happens to the best of us." He tells me. "Even I get cold feet
sometimes."
The sensitive admission from such an incredible and powerful beast makes me swoon with gay
desire. He's got me right in the palm of his hand now, melting.
"I guess something was distracting me." I tell him, giving as much weight to the words as I can.
"Something that I just couldn't ignore."
Nart chuckles to himself. "You don't need to talk in code, I know the effect that I have on some
people."
"It's… powerful." I say. "But I guess that's what you get when you cross a doctor with a
lawyer." I notice now that Nart is carrying both his stethoscope and a stack of law books; tools of the
trade.
"I suppose you're right." Nart says, his drink arriving. He takes a long sip and then sets the
glass back down onto the bar. "I'd really love to take you back to my place and fuck your brains
out." Nart tells me, bluntly.
"What?" I ask, knowing full well that I heard him correctly but my brain now quite allowing me
to process the information.
"You heard me." The bigfoot doctor lawyer says, still staring straight ahead with a casual grace
and swagger. "I'd love to take you back to my place and fuck your brains out, what do you say?"
Just moments before I had been cursing this monsters name, telling myself that I would do
anything I could to make him look like as much of a fool as he did me. Now, I was considering
making love to him.
Let's be honest though, there's very little consideration taking place here; I already know that I
want to fuck this bigfoot, and fuck him hard.
"Let's get out of here." I say, pounding the rest of my drink and standing up from my chair.
I grab my coat and follow Nart as he leads the way out onto the darkened street, were a
chauffeur is waiting for us in a discreet black car.
We climb in.
"Take us home." Nart tells the driver.
Nart Bolguk's Manhattan apartment is just as luxurious as you'd expect, and as I gaze out across
the sparkling lights of the city from seventy two floors up, I can't help but feel something more than
lust creeping up from deep inside of me. Could it be love? I'm not sure, but the more I get to know
this majestic creature, the more I start to think that the two of us have more going on than just a wild,
one night stand.
"Come here." Nart says smoothly from the darkness behind me.
I turn and let my gaze come to rest on his massive, muscular form as it crosses the room towards
me with a confident stride. The creature is completely naked, an incredible specimen of bigfoot
perfection and surrounded by the trappings of luxury at it's peak, as only a lawyer and a doctor
combined could afford. His cock is utterly enormous, jutting off of his body towards me like a thick,
flesh arrow.
I smile, dropping down to my knees with the gigantic row of floor-to-ceiling windows behind
me, my mouth watering as Nart crosses his apartment's massive living room. As the monster reaches
me I look up seductively and give him a little wink, then take his massive shaft into my mouth.
The bigfoot playboy closes his eyes and lets out a low, guttural moan of satisfaction, leaning his
head back as I get to work pumping my head slowly up and down the length of his hard rod. I pull
him out for a moment and lick his hairy bigfoot shaft from base to tip, then take him down again,
cradling the creatures balls for some added flair.
"God damn, that's so fucking good." Nart moans, placing his hands on the back of my head and
using them to guide me up and down, gaining speed as he goes. Eventually, I find myself working the
beasts shaft like a jackhammer, pumping with everything I've got while his thickness tests the limits of
my lips.
Of course, being in the presence of such a distinguished bigfoot, I want to impress him with
more than just the width I can handle. With that in mind, I collect my senses and, moments later, push
Nart's bigfoot dick as deep as it can go into my throat. I can feel him press up against my gag reflex
briefly but, somehow, I manage to relax and let him past.
My face is now pressed hard against the bigfoot's ripped abs while his balls hang tight on my
chin. I look up at him, my eyes watering, and he looks down at me, our gaze locked in a brief moment
of passionate domination and submission.
Nart and I stay like this for a while, with the monster's dick planted firmly within the dark
recesses of my throat, until I'm seconds from running out of air and Nart finally let's me up. I gasp
frantically, a thick strand of saliva stringing from my lips to the head of his bigfoot cock, then
moments later I dive back down for more, taking Nart's entirety in yet another expertly performed
deep throat.
This time I give the blowjob even more flair, cradling the creature's balls with my hands and
somehow managing to run my tongue along the length of his dick while it fills my mouth.
Servicing this powerful beast is turning on so much that I can barely stand it any longer, and
moments later I make the decision to take things to the next level. I pull Nart's cock out of my mouth
and stand up, turning around so that my hands are pressed up against the window and my muscular,
toned ass is popped out towards him. I look back over my shoulder coyly. "Do you want to fuck this
tight gay human ass?" I ask. "Do you want to pound me like the little twink that I am?"
"Fuck yeah." Nart says, slapping one of my ass cheeks hard and then stepping up behind me
with his cock at the ready. Grasping his rod in his hands like some kind of powerful, ancient weapon,
Nart aligns his length with the rim of my puckered asshole, pushing against it gently as he tests my
boundaries.
"Shove it in!" I command, drunk with bigfoot lust. "I need you to pound the fuck out of me right
now!"
Nart immediately pushes forward and I let out a startled yelp, the limits of my butthole
stretching to accommodate his enormous size. I brace myself against the window before me, my heart
pounding as I look down on the city streets below while Nart slides deeper and deeper into my
rectum. His shaft feels like a never-ending snake of flesh, going on forever and ever until finally Nart
reaches the hilt of his enormity.
My majestic bigfoot lover holds me here for a moment, fully impaling me onto his rod while he
allows my body to adjust to its incredible size.
"Fuck, you're cock is so huge." I tell him. "I don't know if I can take it all."
Nart begins to pump in and out of me, taking his time with my maxed out asshole. He holds me
steady by the hips and plows into my body, finding a rhythm within that grows faster and faster as I
loosen up even more until, eventually, he's slamming me at a solid pace.
The loud repetitive slap of Nark's hanging balls against my backside resound throughout the
apartment, joined shortly by a long, animalistic moan that escapes my lips and hangs in the air. By
now the pain within my rectum has given way to an intense, fulfilling pleasure, Nart's cock hitting my
prostate just right as he thumps against me.
My cock is rock hard and I reach down between my legs, taking it in my hand and helping
myself along as I pump my firm grip to the pulse of Nart's ramming from behind.
Now the incredible doctor lawyer is absolutely pounding me with everything that he's got,
slamming my body hard enough that I'm fearful the glass might just pop out of this window frame and
send me hurtling to the ground below. The fear subsides quickly though, as another feeling takes it's
place, one of animalistic, gay desire. All that I care about in the world right now is being fucked silly
by this enormous beast and, safety be damned, that's what I'm gonna do.
Suddenly, Nart pulls out of me and spins me around roughly.
"Get up here." The beast commands.
I wraps my large arms around his neck and then, seconds later, Nart is grabbing me by the
thighs, lifting me up so that I can hang off of him while he stands facing me. I kiss the creature
passionately on the mouth before pulling away so that the two of us are gazing into each other's eyes.
Nart reaches down and places his cock at the edge of my butthole, then drops me slowly onto
his shaft. I let out a hearty groan as his girth slips into me once again, my reamed asshole only
slightly more forgiving against his massive cock in this new position.
"Now take this doctor lawyer dick." My bigfoot lover commands, hoisting me up and then
dropping me down once again over his pole.
I am completely at Nart's whim, his powerful arms controlling every movement that I make.
The creature continues to pump me across his rod, the anal violation sending flickers of an impending
prostate orgasm out across my body. I grip onto his shoulders tightly with one arm and then reach
down and grab my dick with the other.
"I'm gonna cum." I stammer. "I'm so fucking close, I'm gonna blow my fucking load all over
your ripped hairy chest!"
"Do it!" Nart commands in his powerful bigfoot tone. He's throttling my body harder now than
anything I've ever experienced, tossed around like some gay human sex doll.
"Oh fuck." I start to repeat. "Oh fuck, oh fuck!"
I start to tremble and shake now, every muscle in my body clenching and seizing as he hammers
me until, finally, I just can't take all of the welling sensations and throw my head back with a frantic
cry, "I'm cumming!"
I give my shaft no more than a single, firm pump and then suddenly it's blasting everywhere,
splattering a load of hot, milky spunk across Nart's incredible chest. One, two, three payloads of jizz
eject onto my bigfoot lover while I shudder and tremble against him, my eyes closed tight and my
teeth gritted.
When I open my eyes again, I can tell by Nart's expression that he's just about ready to blow, as
well.
"Cover my face!" I command. "Cover my face with that hot load!"
Nart sets me down, pulling his cock from my asshole as I lean back on the floor and he steps
over me, frantically beating off in my face. The majestic creature lets out a primal roar as a torrent of
pearly cum rains down. I smile happily and open wide, catching as much as I can with my mouth
while the rest of his seed dribbles from my chin in white streaks.
Moments later, the monster steps back and collapses onto his couch in complete exhaustion.
I'm taking a shower directly off of Nart's master bedroom when I quietly hear the door creeping
open. Nart and I are the only ones here, so I know exactly who it is, but the sound still fills me with a
sense of wonder and mystery.
"Mind if I join you?" I hear the doctor lawyer say in a low, sultry tone.
"Hey, it's your apartment." I joke. "Come on in."
The shower door opens up and Nart steps inside, where there is now just barely enough room
for the two of us.
"I have to confess something." Nart Bolguk informs me, his eyes filled with genuine tension and
concern.
"What is it?" I ask as my heart thunders within my chest.
"I've been a player for a long time now." The bigfoot admits. "But it's only because I've been
hurt so many times in the past."
"I understand." I tell the sensitive creature, placing my hand on his chest as a symbol of
reassurance. "It's alright."
"I never thought that I'd be able to love again." Says Nart. "Until tonight."
I close my eyes as he says this, the words filling me with almost too much emotion to bear.
Nart leans down and gives me a passionate, gay kiss, then pulls back and smiles. "I love you."
"I love you, too." I tell him.
"And I want to start a firm with you." Nart continues. "Just me and you, maybe eventually you
could be one of my nurses at the hospital, too."
"Both?" I ask.
"I want you to be a part of every aspect of my life; lawyer, doctor, everything." Nart tells me.
I wrap my arms around the massive beast, pulling him close as the warm water continues to rush
over us. "Yes." I say, "Of course, I'll be your law partner and male nurse. I love you, Nart Bolguk."