I've always been the type of gay guy who enjoys life when it's a little rough around the edges.
Nothing can be too perfect, too clean, too shiny. I prefer beer to wine, rock and roll over pop, and
there's something about a guy with a little scruff gets me going like you wouldn't believe. I'm
attracted to the idea of someone whose never quite what they seem, a personality that seems both
dark, and light, depending on how you look at it.
It's been that way since I was a young man, first embarking into the world of dating while my
parents watched in worried confusion from the sidelines. They witnessed a series of bad boy
boyfriends that came and went, each one teaching me a valuable lesson in how not to pick a guy. My
parents were fine with me being gay as long as I found a good man, and they obviously saw my
boyfriends much differently than I did. I guess perspective is everything.
Eventually, I pretty much gave up entirely on dating. The attraction to these rough and tumble
men is still there, burning deep within me for some strange reason that I can't quite understand, but
it's a desire that I've now discovered needs to be repressed. These men are bad news, and I need to
move on from it.
Now in my early twenties, I've managed to snag more than a few dates with suit and tie guys
who seem to have their shit together; responsible, good jobs, and comfortable with their
homosexuality. Of course, it never lasts, and I find myself back here at The Chameleon Tavern.
This place has become like a second home to me, an old school gay biker bar with divey charm
that refuses to replace their jukebox with a new, digital contraption. Instead, we get southern rock
pumped in from a series of records that have been in there for decades, despite the tavern itself being
nowhere near the southern states. We may live all the way up in Washington, but the tunes that drift
throughout this rugged bar and billiards room make one dream of hitting the road and driving through
the night until they reach Texas.
This place brings out exactly the type of patrons you'd expect; bears, bikers and a few down
and out losers looking down the barrel of an empty pint of beer, then begging the bartender for one
more. He usually obliges.
"How you doing tonight?" I ask Sam, the bartender in question who I am close friends with at
this point. "You look a little preoccupied."
Sam smiles. "I am." He says, but doesn't elaborate. "How's school?"
I roll my eyes. "I'm about to start finals." I tell him. "God damn, I'm so sick of college tying
me down. I can't wait to graduate so I can just… live, you know? I want to take a road trip or
something."
"The life of adventure, huh?" Sam says with a slight smirk. "You know, it's not as exciting out
there as you think it is. You've got the college boy thing going for you right now, you can get a nice
job and go live up on the cliffs."
"You know I couldn't do that." I laugh. "What comes next, marry a hot gay doctor? Adopt two
kids? I need both worlds in my life, a little love and a little danger. I need someone who makes a lot
of gold, but isn't afraid to get black and blue when push comes to shove."
Sam shakes his head with a causal disappointment, as if he's simply given up trying to change
my opinion on the matter. "Trust me." He says. "These biker bears might seem like a lot of fun, but
none of them have anything going for them at all. At least not the ones that come in here."
As if hired to perfectly illustrate his point, I'm suddenly joined at the bar by an older gentleman
who reeks of booze. The guy posts up next to me and immediately starts talking, edging just close
enough to be pushing the limits of my personal space. Like I said before, I don't mind a hot biker
bear or I wouldn't be hanging out in this bar, but his wiry grey mess of hair is out of control, and his
eyes are red like he's been rubbing them all night, trying to keep himself awake.
"Hey there buddy." The bearded man says. "You're looking mighty handsome this evening.
What's a city boy doing all the way out here?"
I just stare back at him, unsure of how to react at this point. Most of the time I can ignore the
guys who take things a little too far, but this one seems like he's not going to let up anytime soon.
"Can I buy you a drink?" He asks, and then moments later informs me, "I'm buying you a
drink."
"I've got one already." I tell him, with a patronizing smile.
"What? You're too good for me?" He asks.
I can't help it, immediately busting up with laugher. "Yes."
Suddenly, the guy looks legitimately hurt, his entire posture evolving into that of a sad clown.
"Fuck you." The guy finally says, then immediately turns and walks away from the bar.
Sam rolls his eyes. "Do you want me to kick him out?"
I shake my head. "Nah, but I'll tell you if I have any more problems."
"This is what I'm talking about." Sam continues. "Most of the guys who come in here are all
the same. The ones that are more handsome than him are just as much of an asshole. Why do you do
it to yourself? Go find a pretty boy bar back in the city and meet a nice guy whose gonna treat you
right."
I smirk. "I'm holding out for someone who walks the line; rugged and together, arrogant and
loving, lowbrow and highbrow at the same time."
"That doesn't exist." Sam tells me. "Every man is either one thing or the other, you can't have
both."
We have this conversation every time I come in here, and it all ends the same way. I usually
argue with Sam about my gay prince charming whose also rugged until closing time, but tonight I just
don't have it in me for some reason. I don't want to admit it, but deep down I'm actually starting to
think that he's right.
I look back over my shoulder at the man with the grey beard, who is now drunkenly kicking the
pinball machine. I can't help but let out a long, disappointed sigh. Maybe this is it.
"Well, I think I'm gonna call it a night." I say, turning back to Sam. "Close me out."
Sam laughs. "Don't worry about it, Kent, your drinks are on the house."
"Come on." I protest.
Sam hands me back my credit card. "No way, not tonight. You need me to call you a cab?" He
asks.
"That would be amazing." I tell him. "And thank you."
Sam winks. "Don't mention it. Eventually you'll find a guy who's worthy."
If he weren't straight as an arrow, I would totally go for Sam. Isn't that always the case,
though?
I stand up and grab my jacket. "I'm gonna go wait outside." I tell him.
The night air is cool and feels nice against my skin. I open up a pack of cigarette's and pull out
a smoke, then light it up and take a long drag. It's a filthy habit, I know, but I'm trying to cure my
addictions one at a time and right now kicking loser dudes is the main focus of my mental efforts.
The tavern is positioned along a long, winding road that curves through the thick Washington
forest, a lone outpost for gay bikers and renegades. Without another business or home for miles you'd
think the vicinity would be pitch black, but a full moon hangs high in the sky and, helped along by the
flashing neon sign behind me, illuminates the scene.
I take in a deep breath, and then seriously considering texting my asshole of an ex. The bad boy
who's also good doesn't exist, so maybe I'll just go straight bad for a night.
I take out my phone, look at it, and then put it away. No.
Suddenly, the door opens behind me and the man with the gray beard comes stumbling out.
Since I'm the only one around, he immediately comes at me like a moth to a flame, his eyes following
the glowing tip of my cigarette in the dim light.
"Here he is." The man says, slurring his words. "The city boy that was too good to take a drink
from me."
"Yep." I offer, really not in the mood to start anything but thoroughly annoyed by the guy at this
point.
"You're not all that special." The bearded man tells me. "You're nothing."
"Okay." I tell him, still looking off into the night sky.
The tavern door opens again behind us and I glance back to see a living, floating dress exit. For
some reason, I didn't notice him inside, the homosexual piece of women's apparel blending into the
sea of bikers and the clamor of bar banter, but out here he immediately catches my eye. The dress is
stunning, with a chiseled face and ripped abs across his blue and black front, and the confident
manner of his float gives him a manly aggression. He's like a shark as he enters the sea of darkness
that swirls around my drunken aggressor and me.
"Look over here." The bearded man suddenly interrupts, angered that he has momentarily lost
my attention.
"What do you want?" I finally ask him, beyond frustrated.
The floating black and blue dress is nearby now, getting ready to roll away on his motorcycle,
but stops abruptly when he hears the irritation in my voice.
Meanwhile, the bearded man is growing more and more upset with me, the alcohol in his blood
filling him with a desperate rage. His eyes are wild and angry as he lashes out. "I want you to stop
being such a stupid motherfucker and suck my cock!" The man yells.
Suddenly, something quick and powerful flies through the darkness and wraps around bearded
man's face. He's falling, collapsing onto the pavement in a crumbled heap. I look down to see the
living dress tightening its constriction around the drunk man's head, choking him as he struggles for
air.
"Have you had enough?" The dress asks.
"Yes." The man gasps.
The blue and black dress finally unravels and floats up next to me, a stern look on his face as he
gazes down at the asshole on the ground. "I think it's time for you to head home."
The bearded man wearily tries to climb to his feet, failing a few times before finally pulling
himself up. His neck is red from where he was choked.
"Fuck you!" The bearded man shouts drunkenly.
"Thats fine." Says my new heroic apparel defender. "You can say anything that you want to me,
just don't talk to my friend that way."
The bearded man immediately turns his attention to me and begins to open his mouth, then
immediately stops as he sees the living dress's eyebrows rise.
Then something truly unusual happens.
Without warning, the drunk's expression suddenly changes to one of shock and amazement.
"Hey, we're you just black and blue?" The bearded man asks. "I could have sworn you were just a
blue and black dress."
"What am I now?" My dress defender says with a smirk.
"White and gold!" The bearded man exclaims.
I glance over at the living dress, who is clearly still black and blue. I'm utterly confused about
what is happening.
"Maybe I'm both." The dress replies.
"You can't be two things at the same time." Scoffs the drunk.
"Don't you use the internet?" My defender replies.
The drunk immediately bursts out laughing. "Oh yeah, so you're the famous dress that some
people see blue and black and other people see white and gold? Right."
"I am." My defender replies with confidence.
The drunk continues to laugh until he notices the seriousness in the floating dresses voice, then
peers at him in a strange, confused way. Almost immediately his eyes go wide. "Oh my god, you're
black and blue again!"
The dress nods. "Or am I?"
"It is you! I'm so sorry man." The bearded drunk grovels. "I've seen you everywhere online."
The dress doesn't seem at all amused. "I think you owe this nice young man an apology." He
says.
The bearded drunk immediately turns to me. "I'm so sorry, I had no idea that you knew the
famous color changing dress."
"I didn't either." I tell him.
The bearded man looks like he's about to cry, thoroughly disappointed with himself at this point.
"I think you better take off." The dress tells him. "You're pretty drunk, so it's either a long
walk or an expensive cab."
Almost immediately, the taxi that Sam had called for me earlier comes cruising around the bend
and pulls up in front of us. The living dress looks to me.
"Is this for you?" He asks.
I nod. "Just let him take it."
The dress warps around the handle and opens the taxi door, then helps the bearded man inside.
He says a few words to the driver and hands him some cash. Moments later, the dress closes the door
and the taxi takes off into the night. The dress turns back to face me. "I guess I'll be giving you a ride
home then." He says with a smile.
"I'm Kent." I tell him, extending my hand.
"Channing." He says. "Nice to meet you."
As I whip down the winding road on the back of Channing's motorcycle, I can't help but feel
like something special is in the air tonight. I'm not a particularly spiritual person, but if this dress is
anything like he appears to be (or doesn't depending on who you ask), then this could be the guy of my
dreams appearing right when I needed him the most. The dress is the best of both worlds; rugged blue
and black, regal white and gold.
Realistically though, it almost seems too good to be true, and I can still only manage to see him
as black and blue despite what anyone says.
"Are you really that dress from the internet?" I yell to him over the hum of the engine below us.
"You don't seem white and gold to me."
"I'm the dress from the internet." Channing shouts back with a smile. "But I'm only white and
gold to certain people, in a certain light."
"What are you doing hanging out at a dive bar in the middle of the woods?" I ask, clutching
tightly to his back. "Aren't you like, a millionaire? You're internet famous!"
"Billionaire." Channing tells me. "But who's counting? I actually live out here up on the cliffs
now, I like to stop into The Chameleon whenever I'm out riding.
My heart is suddenly beating out of my chest. I can't remember the last time I found myself this
turned on by a man, let alone a dress. It wasn't just his fame, wealth, or confident attitude that got me,
it was the fact that he seemingly didn't need me. He wasn't desperate, and any action of chivalry on
his part was not an attempt to impress, it was because he knows exactly what he wants.
"Your house is on the cliffs?" I ask into Channing's ear. "Can I see it?"
The mysterious article of clothing is silent for a moment, and then finally he responds. "Sure,
but under one condition."
"What's that?" I question.
"I know you want to fuck me." He says, bluntly. "So no games. I don't want to go breaking
hearts. We can fuck, but only as long as we both know that this is what it's all about."
I'm shocked by Channing's bluntness, but he's absolutely right. Again, his confidence in the
matter makes my cock hard, aching to be touched.
"Okay." I agree.
Almost immediately, Channing veers hard to the right into a long switchback driveway that
heads up the cliffside. Back and forth we cut until finally the road evens out and one of the largest
mansions I have ever seen comes rising up into view. A gasp escapes my lips as we approach, in
utter shock at this place's incredible size and seemingly endless luxury. Everything is sleek and
modern, and as we pull up and park in the driveway roundabout, the front door automatically opens to
greet us. The color changing dress and I climb off of the bike, and then head inside.
I'm standing in the middle of Channing's giant living room wearing nothing but my tight black
boxer briefs as he floats around me, eyeing my muscular body with intense gay lust. To my left is a
set of floor to ceiling windows that look out onto the water far, far below us, the light of the moon
shimmering across it's ever moving waves.
The dress still looks blue and black to me, but suddenly as he floats into a bright shaft of
moonlight I see his colors change, if only for a split second. I gasp as my vision is filled with
beautiful white and gold, then just as soon as they arrive the colors are gone again.
"I saw it." I tell Channing. "I saw your colors change."
The dress smiles. "Well, now that you've seen me, maybe I should see you."
Slowly, I drop my boxers down to the floor, revealing my massive, rock hard cock. Channing
seems impressed as he floats over to me and rubs up against my abs with his soft fabric, covering my
body with his incredible cotton form.
I let out a low moan as the two of us embrace each other passionately, our lips meeting as we
kiss before the massive bay windows. The dress feels incredible, everything that I could have
wanted from such a strange, but powerful figure.
Suddenly, I'm overwhelmed with a gay, lustful urge. I immediately drop to my knees and reach
up into the floating dress, pulling out his huge cock from beneath the black and blue fabric. I look up
at Channing hungrily, then give a playful wink before taking his fleshy dick into my mouth.
The floating dress closes his eyes and immediately begins to rock back and forth against my
movements, clearly enjoying the sensation of his member's pulse between my lips.
I reach up to help him along, cradling the living dress's balls as I service him. I continue to bob
my head up and down on his lengthy, majestic shaft, gaining speed until suddenly I push down as far
as I can and take Channing in an expertly performed deep throat.
"Oh, fuck." The article of clothing lets out a long groan, buckling forward a bit as I lap my
tongue across this length of his shaft from inside my mouth. "That feels so fucking good."
I hold Channing deep within me for a good while, letting him savor the depths of my neck, then
eventually pull back when I'm just about entirely out of air. I let out a frantic gasp, a long string of
saliva hanging between my lips and the dress's cock.
"Do you want to pound me up my tight gay asshole?" I ask coyly.
"Yes." The dress pleads.
"Then do it." I tell him, standing up and walking over to his living room couch. I bend over the
edge and look back at Channing as he floats over to me.
I suddenly realize with utter amazement that the dress is now gold and white. I watch as the
sentient piece of fabric mounts my muscular ass from behind, and no matter how hard I try, I can no
longer see him as blue and black.
"You're incredible." I tell him, my eyes brimming with not only lust, but and intense gay love
for Channing the living dress.
The dress stops, his cock hovering just inches from the puckered entrance of my asshole. "I
think…" The dress stammers. "I think that I love you."
His words fill my heart with warmth, which then washes over me in a blissful wave. "I love
you, too." I tell the dress. "You're everything I've ever wanted; blue, gold, black, white, it's all
there."
"It's all here, and it's all for you." The living dress tells me, then places the head of his cock
against my asshole and pushes forward.
I let out a long moan as the girth of Channing's member stretches my inner limits, the elasticity
of my butthole struggling to stretch around his enormous size.
"Fuck, you're so big." I tell him. "Holy shit!"
Channing continues to push forward, sliding into me as my body struggles to contain his cock.
Deeper and deeper his rod slides, impaling me, until finally it comes to rest with his hard dress abs
pressed tightly against my rear. Now fully inserted, Channing immediately gets to work pumping
slowly in and out of my body as I brace against the back of the couch.
He is somehow both an incredibly powerful, yet soothingly gentle lover, hitting me from the
inside in just the right way. Each thrust into my tight asshole travels deep enough to massage my
prostate, causing a mysterious orgasmic sensation to simmer within me.
I reach back with one hand and spread myself open for the dress, giving myself to him
completely as he pounds my ass faster and faster. Eventually, Channing his absolutely throttling me
with everything that he's got, slamming into me like a color changing jackhammer, sometimes a blur of
gold while other times clearly blue.
"Do you like this floating, color changing dress cock?" Channing demands to know.
"Yes!" I cry.
I reach down between my legs and grab ahold of my hard, hanging dick, beating myself off
ferociously as I edge closer and closer to an explosive orgasm. I'm almost there when suddenly the
dress stops and pulls out of me.
"Get up." The living dress demands.
I stand, noticing now that the dress is blue and black once again. His duality is beautiful, almost
breathtaking.
"Climb onto me." The dress commands.
"Can you hold my weight?" I ask. I have no doubt that Channing is a powerful dress, but at the
end of the day he is still made of fabric while I am a large muscular man. The thought of him holding
me up in the air is almost laughable.
"Climb onto me." The dress repeats with confident, alpha male swagger, a casual smirk on his
face.
I do as I'm told, wrapping my legs around the dress as Channing lifts me up into the air. Soon
enough, we are floating together in the middle of the living room, my ass hovering directly above his
giant dick.
Channing maneuvers his cock directly against the rim of my asshole and then lowers me down
onto him, the force of gravity helping to fill me completely with his rod. The second that we are
positioned correctly, Channing gets to work, lifting me up and down onto his shaft while we float
around the room.
The sensation is incredible, that strange feeling of prostate orgasm almost immediately bubbling
up again and this time with even more urgency than before.
Eventually, I find myself slammed up against the massive bay windows, Channing plowing into
my reamed gay asshole with everything that he's got. The dress in absolutely lost in a fit of ecstasy,
and soon enough he begins to yell wildly, ready to cum.
"Do it!" I command. "Fill my asshole with your gay color changing dress load!"
Channing gives me three more ferocious pounds and then holds tight within, my back pressed
hard against the glass as he unloads a massive blast of jizz up my asshole. I can feel it filling me with
pump after pump of pearly, hot milk, until finally there is just not enough room left and his spunk
comes running out from the corners of my tightly plugged butt.
When the dress eventually pulls out, his seed comes spilling forth, splattering down onto the
living room floor in a beautiful Pollock pattern. Channing lowers me down to the ground and then
stumbles back, still reeling from his powerful orgasm.
"Now it's your turn." The dress tells me.
Channing floats down until he's laying flat on the floor, gazing up at me with his beautiful blue
eyes, which seem to flicker with gold in just the right lighting.
"Come inside me." The dress instructs.
"Where?" I ask, stroking my cock furiously. "How?"
"My neck!" Channing demands. "Shoot your load inside of me right now!"
Driven by his erotic commands, the orgasm hits me almost immediately. I grab the dress and
insert my aching rod into the neck hole, and then suddenly I'm exploding within him, buckling over
from the overwhelming sensation. I eject several payloads into the living dress before eventually fall
back onto the ground, completely satisfied.
"That was incredible." I tell Channing, who quietly floats over and lays next to me.
I roll over and look at him, his fabric body now clearly white and gold.
"I love you." I tell the dress again.
"I love you, too." Channing replies.
"Now that we're this close." I start. "What color are you, really?"
"You sure you want to know?" The dress asks.
I consider this a moment. "You know, maybe not."
"I'll tell you." Channing continues. "I'll let you know my secret."
I sigh, my curiosity getting the best of me. "Okay. What's your secret?"
"My secret is that I'm not even a dress at all." Says Channing. "I'm an XXL shirt."
I gasp aloud, my vision suddenly consumed by a color unlike anything I've ever seen. It's
indescribable, a shade so brilliant and strange that it cannot possibly be from this dimension. The
shade occupies a color scale beyond my comprehension, and as I drift into its beauty I can feel my
body ascending into some strange plane of higher existence.
My soul explodes.