When most people think of truck drivers, a very particular kind of guy comes to mind. Large,
imposing and bearded are all ways to describe the typical mental image and, as a trucker myself, I
can honestly say that that particular imagery is fairly on point. I, however, have my own thing going
on.
For a trucker, I'm as young as they come, twenty years old and determined to see a bit of the
country before headed off to college where I'll be locked down for years under the weight of text
books and tests. Unlike many of my peers, I care about how I look during these long hours on the
road, clean-shaven and lean from my push-ups during pit stops.
I'll admit, however, that sometimes it seems my efforts to maintain health and a reasonable
appearance are meaningless. The hours out here are lonely and long, and sometimes I'll go days
without having a meaningful conversation with anyone other than a gas station attendant. The lack of
connection between other human beings makes you disoriented and strange, and eventually you find
yourself craving conversation like you would food or water.
On the night that I met Buck, I was starved for interaction. Flying through the open desert of
Arizona, it had been hours since I had even seen another pair of headlights slicing through the desert
towards me, let alone talked to someone. My girlfriend back home hadn't called in a while thanks to
my shoddy phone reception out here, and even if she did I wouldn't have been all that interested in
anything Carly had to say. We'd been fighting a lot lately, and to be honest the recent radio silence
had been a welcome relief from her constant nagging.
Breaking up with her would be too messy at this point, but deep down inside I have to admit that
I know it's just not going to work between us. We're incredibly different in almost every day, and
more often that not I find myself sitting across from her at the dinner table just wishing we had
something, anything, to talk about. She's a sweet girl, but we're just not meant to be together.
It's been miles since the last town and as the evening sky grows darker my stomach begins to
grumble, groaning for my attention like some terrifying desert monster who only emerges to feed at
night. The next city is hours away, and the thought of waiting that long for a nice warm dinner makes
me nauseous. I normally carry plenty of snacks on hand, but I forgot to stop and grab anything earlier,
my mind entirely consumed by the current situation with my distant girlfriend.
Of course, there's not much that I can do about it. Unless by some miracle there is a lone gas
station or diner out here somewhere, I'll be waiting until the next town for a late night meal.
Suddenly, as if manifested by some divine power to contradict my negative thoughts, I see a
light appear off in the distance.
The closer that I drive, the more I'm able to see what this light is and, moments later, I laugh
loudly as the welcoming neon sign of a twenty-four hour diner comes into view. I slap my trucks
dashboard playfully, pushing the gas a little harder as I speed across the open highway towards my
new destination.
A few minutes later, I arrive at the diner and pull into a designated space for long haul truckers,
then hop out of my cab and look up at the neon sign before me.
"Butt House." I read aloud, my eyes scanning across the yellow glowing letters. I notice now
that the diner is topped by a large, handsome face, which nods in my direction as we make eye
contact.
For some reason, I find myself looking away, slightly taken aback by the restaurants confident
demeanor. The guy has swagger, and commands attention to any patrons close enough to get caught in
his smoldering gaze. My heart skips a beat and I'm not exactly sure why, but my compulsion for a
good meal is much more powerful than any other concern at the moment.
I head across the parking lot, eyes lowered until I reach the restaurants large double doors,
crafted beautifully with the buildings impeccable set of abs. Again, I find myself reeling from a
mysterious attraction deep down in the pit of my stomach, a sensation that I am vaguely familiar with
but previously only in the presence of a beautiful woman.
I'm as straight as they come, but something about this diner immediately has a hold on me,
regardless of how desperate I am to deny it. The feeling reminds me of what it was like when I first
met Carly, an all-consuming attraction that has since faded from my life. I have felt this sensation a
few times, but never once before about a dining establishment.
I reach up and grab the door handle, pulling it open and stepping inside as I try my best to avoid
staring too long at the diner's incredible body.
"Hi there, welcome to Butt House!" Says a bubbly waitress as I approach. "Just one?"
"Yeah." I nod, still a little off balance but trying my best to rein it in.
"Right this way!" The waitress says.
The woman leads me through the main hosting area and down a long isle of booths, all of them
packed to the brim with hungry eaters. For being so far out in the middle of nowhere, this place
boasts an impressively large clientele that includes everyone from fellow truckers to twenty-
something couples out on what appears to be a first date.
After seeing what the hot building is working with in here, however, I'm not all that surprised.
The place is beautifully lit and breathtakingly clean, decked out in all the trappings of a retro diner
but updated with modern flair. The scent wafting my way from somewhere deep in the kitchen is
incredible, a savory reminder of the pleasure that's headed my way in the form of delicious food and
beverage.
The waitress seats me by one of the windows and then heads off momentarily to bring me a cool
glass of water.
I open the menu, perusing my way down the well-balanced selection of various food staples.
The selection is incredible, and I'm so impressed that once again I find myself simmering with that
familiar, yet confusing, sensation of arousal. I can feel my cock hardening just below the table, aching
for release within my pants at the thought of these well crafted burgers and fries. Of course, it's not
just the food itself, but the handsome building from which they are served.
Finally, I just can't take it anymore. I have to say something.
"This is a nice place you've got here." I say aloud to the diner, trying my best to seem natural
and nonchalant.
"Thanks man." Replies the buildings deep, soothing voice.
The very sound of his words send an erotic chill down my spine and for a moment, I consider
leaving right then and there, heading out into the parking lot and calling my girlfriend to confirm my
status as a normal, red-blooded, American heterosexual.
Yet, despite my best efforts, I can't will myself into leaving the warm and intoxicating presence
of this handsome diner.
"I'm Lars." I finally say, almost stumbling over this simple two-word sentence.
"Turk." Says the diner with a confident swagger in his tone. "Turk Dorby."
"Nice." I say, nodding and trying to keep my cool. "You been out here long?"
"Oh yeah." Says Turk. "I was built about twenty years ago but the remodel happened last
summer. Really happy with the way things turned out."
"Me too." I say, trying to sound natural but the words manifesting as awkward and stilted.
Moments later, me and the diner are plunged into silence, my brain desperately searching for
something to say as the rest of the patrons chat and clank their dishes around me. "So…" I finally
start, not exactly sure where the sentence is headed, just feeling like I somehow need to fill the space
between us. My plan backfires however, and with nowhere else to go the word simply hangs there in
the air as a reminder of my supreme awkwardness.
Suddenly, the waitress returns, saving me from myself. She sets a tall glass of water in front of
me with a pleasant smile. "So, have you decided what you'd like to eat?"
"Oh, yeah." I respond, a little startled. "I think I'll just get a burger."
"Fries?" The waitress asks.
"Sure." I nod.
The woman leaves once again to put in my order, and I immediately find myself alone with the
living diner once more.
I'm wracking my brain with what to say next, struggling to find another spark of conversation,
when suddenly the building speaks up for himself.
"I saw your truck out front in the parking lot, is this your usual route?" Turk asks.
"Not really." I shake my head. "I took over for a buddy who got sick, my usual drive is pretty
far north from here."
"So that's why I've never seen you before." Says the diner. "Glad I did though."
My breath catches in my throat as he says this, immediately picking on an unexpected hint of
something more lurking just beneath the surface of his words. "You are?" I ask, my cock literally
throbbing to be touched as it aches under the diner table.
"Yeah, I mean, you're a really good looking guy." Turk tells me. "I love it when handsome guys
stop in to eat, why wouldn't I?"
"I don't know." I stammer.
"Are you single?" The diner asks.
I freeze, not wanting to answer his very direct, and very important question. I don't want to lie,
but my attraction to this living building is just too strong to jeopardize my chances.
"Tonight I am." I finally say.
The diner is silent for a moment, and then finally follows up with, "You gay?"
"Tonight I am." I repeat to him, my voice quaking.
Suddenly, I can feel the bench moving slightly beneath me my ass, just enough to make me jump
a bit and look down in surprise.
"How's that?" The restaurant asks.
I relax as much as I can given this is my first homosexual experience, and lay back into the
confortable, red leather booth. I let out a long sigh as the seat moves below me, massaging my ass
cheeks in a series of powerful, circular movements.
"That feels great." I tell him, trying not to alert the other patrons to the homoerotic encounter
unfolding just beneath their noses.
I take one hand and reach slowly down towards my waistline, my rock hard cock craving the
tight grip of my fingers. I'm almost there when suddenly my food arrives and I jolt up straight on the
bench.
"Here you go." Says the waitress. "Enjoy!"
As soon as the woman walks away I can here the diner's voice drifting over to me in a hushed
tone. "Listen, this is a twenty-four hour diner, so it's hard for me to get any alone time… but I want
you."
"I want you, too." I confess. "I want you so badly."
"Finish your food and then walk over to that back door, there are stairs leading up to the roof.
Go there." Turk explains.
"Okay." I nod.
I dig into my burger but can't seem to find my appetite. Don't get me wrong, the food itself is
absolutely delicious, but at this point I'm way to distracted by the illicit invitation from Turk to think
of anything else. I'm ready to give myself to him completely, consequences be damned.
I make it halfway through and then finally stand up from my booth in lustful frustration, throwing
down more than enough cash to cover the meal.
Immediately, I march through the restaurant and down a small hallway with an inconspicuous
door at the end. I open it up and find a flight of stairs waiting for me.
"I don't know if I can do this." I confess, my heart beating a mile a minute. "I lied earlier. I
have a girlfriend at home, and I'm straight."
"Then don't do it." The diner says to me, confidently.
I freeze, not knowing what kind of response I expected but finding myself wholly unsatisfied.
Maybe that life back home was just a façade, a version of the truth that society demands of me instead
of the truth that I want for myself? What if the real me is nothing by a hardcore, gay, diner fucker? I
can't help but find the thought of this secret underworld incredibly arousing, the home that I've long
been searching for.
"Nevermind." I say. "I'm coming up."
I climb the stairs and push through a door on the top, now finding myself on the roof of the diner
with the gorgeous night sky hanging above. Out here in the desert, the stars are more brilliant than
I've ever seen then, a true testament to the natural beauty of these southern states.
"Come here." Says Turk, his voice deep, smooth and seductive.
Slowly, I walk across the darkened rooftop until I've reached the other side, where Turks
massive face rests imbedded within the front of the building. The sight of him this close is simply
breathtaking, a perfect specimen of man that is so attractive I can barely speak, other than to let a
sensual whimper escape from between my lips.
"Closer." Turk tells me.
I do as I'm told, moving carefully towards his chiseled face along the edge of the diner.
Up here above the parking lot, its hard not to glance down over the edge, and when I do my
heart nearly stops. This building may only be one story tall, but from the looks of it, that is one extra
large story.
I also realize now that my perch is not as private as I had hoped, and anyone passing beneath us
could easily look up and spot me and the living diner exchanging sweet nothings in the dark.
I'm right up next to the diner's face when he finally tells me to stop. "There."
"What now?" I ask.
"Take out that cock of yours and let me suck you off." Turk commands.
I glance back over my shoulder at the parking lot below. "But, they'll see us."
"I don't care." Turk says. "But if it will make you more comfortable, I'll see what I can do."
Seconds later, the outer building lights begin to lower until they are completely off, leaving me
and Turk bathed in nothing but the shining white moonlight.
"Now take out that fat, juicy cock of yours." Repeats Turk, and shove it down my throat.
I slowly unzip my pants and pull out my aching rod, which is hard as can be and ready for
action.
Turk smiles and gives me a little wink, then the building opens his mouth and takes me deep into
his throat. I let out a long satisfied groan as Turk consumes me, savoring the feelings of his
movements as he bobs up and down with his head across my shaft.
"Fuck, that feels so good." I tell him.
Turk continues to service me like this, gaining speed for a moment and them sudden coming to a
stop as he takes my cock all the way down into his neck. I plunge way past the giant head's gag reflex
and come to rest in his depths, finding myself the lucky subject of a perfectly performed deep throat.
The diner lets me remain here for a while, holding me within him until he finally just can't take
it any longer. I pull out and the diner gulps down a frantic gasp of air.
"God damn, I'm so fucking horny for you." Turk tells me. "I need to fuck you right now."
"Then fuck me!" I exclaim with equal desperation.
"Go down into the basement." Instructs Turk. "You'll see my cock jutting out from one of the
cement walls. Please, get me off."
I quickly zip up my pants and hurry back towards the rooftop doorway, throwing it open and
rushing down the stairs. Immediately, I'm hit with the sweet and savory smells of mouthwatering
diner food, but I continue on my way, finding another stairway to goes deeper still into the basement
of the building.
Moments later, I'm standing in the middle of an almost completely empty, cement basement,
decorated with a few crates of non-perishable foodstuffs and an assortment of tables, chairs and
restaurant paraphernalia.
There is one central light hanging down from the center of the room, which illuminates the
proceedings in a hard shadowed glow.
"I don't see it." I admit to Turk, scanning the room from his hard dick.
"Back there, behind the boxes." The diner tells me.
I make my way past a few crates of food and suddenly find myself face-to-cock with the
buildings massive erect shaft. Turk's dick is beautiful and fully engorged; standing at attention while
his two giant balls hang gracefully beneath.
I start by cradling said balls in one hand and slowly stroking his firm shaft with the other,
tracing my hand carefully up and down Turk's length.
The building lets out a satisfied and thankful sigh. "Oh yeah, Lars, suck that cock."
"With pleasure." I tell him, then open wide and take him into my mouth. I pump my head up and
down his member a few times, making sure to get him nice and lubed up.
I do this for a good while and then remove Turk from my mouth with a mischievous smile.
"How about my asshole?"
I turn around and strip off my shirt, followed shortly after my back pants and boxer briefs until I
am completely naked. Carefully, I back up towards the wall until the head of Turk's cock is just
inches from my asshole. His size is daunting, so I start by testing the edges of my anal limits, pushing
back just enough to feel the elasticity of my hole begin to expand around his massive shaft.
Turk enjoys the tease, groaning loudly every time I pull away. Fortunately for him, however,
I'm also in no mood to wait. After only a few brief seconds of our anal cat and mouse, I commit fully
to the handsome restaurant, pushing down firmly onto his rod and biting my lip as it slides up inside
of me.
The way that his enormous size stretches my limits is incredible, a sensation unlike anything I
have ever felt. I'd never once taken anything up my asshole, and certainly nothing this large, but as I
begin to pump myself up and down across Turk's shaft I start loosen up and let the pleasure
overwhelm me. What was once a deep-rooted discomfort has given way to something beautiful and
primal, a strange, full sensation that causes my own cock to twitch with every successive slam up my
butt.
"Fuck me harder!" I command to the living diner. "Fuck me like the gay little twink that I am
deep down inside."
"I thought you had a girlfriend." Turk says, jokingly.
"I'm gay now!" I shout, "You've turned me gay and I love it!"
The restaurant is giving me everything that he's got, slamming my asshole with all of his force
as my frantic moans of ecstasy echo throughout the basement.
It's not long before the blossoming gay lust starts to give way to something else. I close my eyes
tight, trying to fight the powerful thoughts that begin to seep their way into the dark corners of my
unconscious mind. I know that if I accept these ideas my life will completely change, and because of
that I make a valiant attempt to hold them off as long as I can.
Still, it's no use. The power of homosexual love is just too strong to be contained.
"Turk." I say, tears of joy beginning to stream down my face as the living building continues to
hammer me up the asshole. "I think… I think."
"Don't say it." The diner tells me. "You don't have to."
"I do." I tell him. "I do."
"It's going to change everything if you say it." Turk warns. "Everything."
"That doesn't matter." I gasp through the tears. "I love you."
"I love you, too." Turk admits.
His words hit me like a truck, taking the wind out of my lungs and sending my heart into a
spastic fit of lovesick butterflies. I don't even know what to do with myself, but moments later the
question is answered as the building begins to shake and tremble around me.
"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" Turk shouts.
"Do it!" I command, pulling his cock out of my asshole and dropping down to my knees in front
of him. "Blow your hot white load all over my fucking face!"
The restaurant lets out a few more desperate grunts and then explodes across me with a thick,
pearly rope of spunk, which splatters from ear to ear. I smile as the building rains his loads of jizz
down onto me, covering me with his cum until completely drained.
When Turk finally finishes I stand up, impressed by his sizable load but desperately horny to
cum myself.
"Your turn." Turk says. "Go upstairs and head out back."
I nod and turn to leave, grabbing a spare towel and wiping off my face, then tying it around my
waist. Moments later, I emerge once again into the main dining room of the restaurant, where the
patrons seem quite confused by the sight of a semi-naked man entering and then exiting their
presence.
I waste no time heading out the front door and then making my way around to the back of the
restaurant, the night air cool and refreshing against my bare skin.
When I finally make it to the rear of the building and stop to catch my breath.
"Do you see it?" Turk asks.
I scan the restaurant's back wall, trying to understand exactly what my gay lover is getting at
until my eyes suddenly come to rest on a beautiful, muscular ass protruding from the brick.
I grin slowly creeps across my face as I step towards Turks beautiful, toned butt, then I pull off
my boxer briefs and kneel down behind him, placing my rod at the rim of his puckered hole.
"I want you to slam me until you blow." Turk says. "Fuck me as hard as you can and then shoot
that hot load up inside of me."
I push forward, entering the handsome restaurant and immediately falling into a series of rapid
thrusts. My hips slap hard against my gay lovers ass cheeks, gaining speed as they go until I am
hammering into him with everything that I've got. I can feel the familiar sensation of orgasm welling
up inside of me as I continue to slam Turk's tightness.
"Do it!" Turk commands. "Blast that cum into my hot gay restaurant ass!"
The sound of the building's deep, sexy voice puts me over the top and suddenly I am cumming
hard, lost in a haze of overwhelming bliss while semen erupts from the head of my cock and spills
into my brick and mortar lover. I grasp onto the wall for support as more and more jizz continues to
spill out of me.
Eventually, there is nothing left.
I pull out and watch as streaks of my hot pearly load spill forth from Turk's reamed asshole,
then I collapse back onto the cement behind me in exhaustion.
"That was incredible." Turk says.
"I love you." I confess to the building, starting to well up again.
This time, however, my tears are different. Instead of joy, I find myself swimming in a sea of
fear and apprehension. What happens now?
"I love you, too." Turk says, and then asks with genuine concern, "What's wrong?"
"I want to stay with you." I confess. "I can't just go back to my normal life now."
The building is silent for a moment, deep in thought. "You know, we have a server position
opening up." Turk finally says. "You could just stay here and work inside me during the days, then go
out with me at night."
"Really?" I ask, sitting upright.
"I mean, if you'd be interested in something like that." Turk offers.
I can't help but smile. "I'd love to stay here and work inside you. Forever."