Our vacation to Southern California hadn't been a total bust, but it wasn't everything I'd hoped for
either. When the guys and I loaded into Jordan's vintage convertible and hit the road from Ohio on a
straight shot towards the west coast, we had big dreams; meet some cute boys, make new friends,
have a few stories to share when we returned home.
And sure, we kinda did all those things, but it wasn't like the movies. Most of our time was
spent sitting for days behind the wheel, and while road tripping is certainly an all American pastime,
the stretches of empty nothingness along the way really start to get to you. Your friends become
annoying and you stop caring about where the boys are because you're more worried about where the
next rest stop is.
Salvation finally came when we cruised into San Diego on a warm summer day and found
ourselves face to face with the crowded beach coastline.
The three of us parked and got out, looking up and down the miles of sand in either direction.
There were beautiful people everywhere; lying out on blankets, sleeping until umbrellas. Surfers cut
their way through the water like tiny dots of black against the flickering jewels of sunlight that dance
and play on the tips of blue waves. It was a real life miracle, an oasis in the desert of endless gray
highway between here and home.
But like everything else in life, we got used to it.
It's three days later and we are still laying out on the beach, wondering why our trip wasn't
coming together like a movie montage with some fun, beachy rock song playing loudly over the top of
it. The truth is, where you are doesn't change who you are on the inside, and our group is coming
face to face with the fact that, deep down, we might just be really boring gay men.
"Do you ever feel trapped?" I ask out loud, lying on my back as the sun kisses my already tan
skin. Jordan and Sam are on either side of me, and both guys seem to answer without words. We
don't need to say it, because we are all thinking exactly the same thing.
"So how do you change it?" I add, a follow-up to my already unanswered question.
More silence as the waves rumble softly against the shore and a lone seagull calls in the sky.
Finally, Jordan speaks up. "We need adventure."
I can't help but laugh, a smile crossing my lips beneath my jet-black sunglasses. "Then what do
you call this?"
"I don't know." He says.
"Maybe adventure comes from the inside." I offer. "Not where you are, but what you do when
you get there."
"I'm pretty happy with my tan." Sam adds.
I laugh again. "Okay, sure. Me too. But we are heading back home tomorrow and we've got
nothing to show for it."
"My tan." Sam repeats.
"A tan is only skin deep." I tell him, wisely. Now all three of us laugh.
"I wanted to have some stories, you know?" I explain. "We just graduated high-school and up
until now have never really left Ohio. We're all going to college in state. It's like we're adults now
but we still haven't really lived."
"Well what the fuck do you propose we do about it?" Sam asks.
"I don't know. Go out tonight?" I tell him. "Like go to one of those secret donut clubs or
something?"
Being from the Midwest, the donut clubs where something of a mystery to us all, a vague rumor
that found its way to us through various online forums or via hushed whispers at the local gar bar
back home. We had heard tales about the utterly depraved donut scene in San Diego, but deep down I
had always considered the idea of living, talking, gay pastries to be a purely European thing. Despite
being invented in America, the living donuts themselves eventually started to migrate over seas in an
attempt to find a more sexually liberal lifestyle, and the ones that stayed behind were eventually
forced out whether they wanted to leave or not.
There was hedonism in the streets. Once the promiscuous nature of these living baked goods
was completely exposed, human/donut fucking was entirely outlawed; gay, straight, all of it. The
ruling led to a whole slew of human rights arguments, but despite the fact that living donuts could talk,
think, and even love, they were still not considered to be legally human and therefore not afforded the
same basic privileges.
Jordan rolls over on the blanket and faces me, propping himself up on his arm. "First of all,
there are no gay donuts here in the United States, thanks to the Pastry Fucking Act of two thousand
sixteen."
"Sure, not out floating around in public, but they're still here." I offer. "You just need to find
the right donut shop."
I sit up and look to my left. Far, far down the beach where the stores become stranger and
sometimes less than legal.
"They sell weed down there like it's nothing." I say. "I bet we can get a read on a hot gay
donut bar."
Its not long before we find a local coffee shop with a mysterious round symbol stuck
inconspicuously on the outer window, a signal to those of us who know what to look for.
Our group heads inside, trying to act as casual as possible.
The man helping us is young and fun, a surfer dude who's surprisingly handsome for being
covered in tattoos with more piercing than I can count. His shop is only a small walk up the main
drag of souvenir stands and bong boutiques that line the graffiti covered beach boardwalk.
"What would you like?" The handsome young guy asks. "The dark roast is fresh!"
"Actually, I'm not really in the mood for coffee." I tell him, my heart beating hard within my
chest. "How about a donut?"
"Oh yeah, we've got those." The man says, nodding. "Apple fritter? Maple bar?"
I hesitate for a moment, not quite sure how to go about this. "Do you have anything a little…
gayer?"
The man freezes for a moment, then glances around to make sure our small group of friends are
the only people in the store. The coast is clear, but he still seem skeptical of me."
"Why would you think we had living gay donuts here?" The man asks.
I'm not exactly sure how to play this, so I reluctantly decide to proceed with some honesty.
"Well, there was that donut symbol on the window. Is that code?"
The guy shrugs. "Could be."
We stand here for a minute with the counter between use, neither one moving from our position.
"So… coffee then?" The man finally says.
I sigh, turning back around to face my friends but something stops me abruptly in my tracks.
Adventure isn't about where you are, but who you are deep within. I could easily just call it a night
right then and there, but at this moment I recognize that it's time to step up and make something
happen. I turn back around.
"Listen." I say. "I know that there's a gay donut bar around here, and I may be a country boy
but I'm not stupid. I might not have the password or whatever it is that you need me to say, but I
recognize the symbol and I give you my word, I'm not a cop."
The guy behind the counter cracks a smile, amused by my sudden rush of confidence. "You're
asking for someone else, right?" the guy ask with a slight twinkle in his eye.
"No." I respond, confused. Sam kicks me lightly in the shin.
"What was that? I couldn't hear you." The guy behind the counter continues. "Because most of
the living donuts have moved back to Europe. The rest are in hiding, afraid of getting deported."
Sam seizes the moment and interjects. "We're wondering for some friends."
"Oh, well in that case I think I can do something for you!" The guy says, looking up with a wide
smile and a wink. "I know some places. Actually, I might be about to help you out later tonight, have
your friends call me."
"Really?" I blurt, unable to hide my excitement.
"I'm Parker." He says, handing me a card with his name, number, and that same mysterious
round symbol.
"Mike." I tell him, "And this is Jordan and Sam."
"You know, the gay pastry scene isn't for everyone." Parker explains cryptically. "You
gentlemen up for an adventure?"
"Of course," I smile. "It's exactly what we've been looking for."
After a few hours of getting ready I exchange some texts with Parker and we head out to meet
him and some friends.
There is a thick excitement in the car as we cruise the city streets, looking for the mysterious
address that I've been texted. Finally, something interesting is happening, a story in progress.
That tall-tale feeling is nothing but amplified when we arrive at the living donut bar, which
Parker had insisted on calling a dessert speakeasy because there's a password at the door.
"Is this the place?" I ask an imposing man, bald and representing a similar love of tattoo's to
Parker. It's hard to believe anything other than an industrial packing warehouse could be behind the
door in question, but after double and triple checking the address, this is apparently the place.
"I don't know." The doorman says gruffly. "Is it?"
"The password." Sam reminds me.
"Oh yeah." I straighten myself out and stand up straight. "The password is ‘Baker's dozen?"
"Is that a question?" The doorman asks.
"Sorry." I try again. "Baker's dozen."
The imposing guy reaches over and twists the handle of the door, swinging it open to reveal a
hustling, bustling donut shop within.
"Have fun boys." He says.
We step inside and make our way down the stairs. The place is hopping tonight, handsome men
sipping on tall glasses of milk or coffee everywhere I look. Everyone here is much cooler than us
Ohio.
"Mike!" A familiar voice shouts from somewhere near the bar. Out of the darkness comes
Parker with a huge smile on his face, hugging all three of us in turn. "I'm so glad you guys could
make it!"
"We're glad to be here!" I tell him. "This place is awesome."
Parker nods and then takes a long swing of his two percent milk.
Just then I notice a sign to the side of the band with glowing purple letters. It reads: The Big
Glaze. Below it is a large doorway with two bouncers on either side, people are slowly filtering in.
"What's that?" I ask.
Parker laughs. "Order a milk first, then we'll talk."
After tossing back a few in a booth with Parker and his exceptionally cute friends I am
practically boiling over with curiosity, but I hold my tongue. Everyone is having a great time, and the
free drinks certainly don't make it easy to pace yourself. Finally, I just can't hold in my curiosity any
longer.
"Alright dude." I brazenly interrupt the conversation that preceded me. "What's The Big
Glaze?"
Parker takes a deep breath. "Okay, well." He starts. "This is a gay donut bar as you can see.
Most of the gay donuts packed up and moved to Europe when they were outlawed, which is straight
up unconstitutional if you ask me, but a few of them stayed behind. Now they live in hiding, but the
donut community has found a way to let them work under the table, providing a particular service that
is commonly referred to as glazing."
"What the fuck does that mean?" I finally ask. "I'm just a country boy from Ohio, you're gonna
have to walk me through this."
Parker cracks a smile. "It means that one man is going to suck off a whole dozen gay donuts,
and then they are going to glaze his face in hot, sugary cum."
Inside of me, a fire starts to burn, overtaking everything else with hot, unfiltered desire to
be a part of this erotic celebration of living confectionery.
"A dozen?" I repeat back to Parker in astonishment. "That's a lot of glaze."
Parker nods. "Sometimes even more. The record right now is sixteen loads from sixteen
different donuts. They've got chocolate, coconut, rainbow sprinkles, it's absolutely insane in there."
"That's…" I say, looking over at the door and reeling from all of the nasty thoughts that are
suddenly filling my brain. "So hot." I finish.
My heart starts to race a mile a minute, almost pounding out of my chest with the realization that
the adventure I'd been looking for has finally arrived. I don't think twice about what I say next,
because I'm afraid that if I think too much I won't end up saying it. "Where do I sign up?"
Parker laughs. "Sign up to watch?"
I shake my head. "No. Sign up to perform."
When the lights go up on stage I find myself in a large, semi-circle theatre, with a wooden floor
beneath me and a series of seats that tower upwards as they go. It's a steep incline and I'm at the
bottom, looking up with my big green eyes as I rest on my knees. I've stripped down to nothing, my
tan body and toned abs exposed to the audience. It's a full house tonight.
Thankfully, I'm too horny to be nervous, and my eyes dart about hungrily as I look for the sweet
donut cocks that are apparently coming my way.
"Welcome to amateur night here at the downtown donut shop! Let's give it up for Mike!" A
voice suddenly booms over the loudspeaker. "This is his first time here at The Big Glaze!"
The audience bursts into uproarious cheer and I can't help but smile, soaking it in.
"Remember," The voice continues. "The number of donut loads to beat without tapping out
from exhaustion is fifteen. If Mike can take that, he'll receive The Big Glaze grand prize!"
More applause.
"Now let's get to it!" The voice finishes.
The next thing I know, a handsome, floating donut is approaching me from either side. The
pastries are absolutely gorgeous, muscular and toned with massive dicks hanging down from their
frosted, circular bodies.
I look up at them happily and take an engorged cock in each hand. They're well equipped,
massively hung to the point that it's almost hard to wrap my fingers around their entire width. I try my
best though, and soon I'm pumping up and down on each shaft expertly with my hands.
The audience seems to like what they see, and I notice a few of the watchers begin to stroke
their own rods as the action unfolds before them.
Eventually, I start to use my tongue on each of the two sprinkled desserts, going from one to the
other with quick licks from their balls to the tip. It's not long before I'm swallowing one of them
entirely, pushing my head down onto his sweet, sugary cock and letting his length hit the threshold of
my gag reflex. I choke and pull back, gasping for air as his member leaves my mouth in a trail of spit.
"One more time." I say, sheepishly.
"Yeah, suck that sprinkled cock." Says the donut in a sexy, authoritative tone. "You like that
sweetness don't you?"
I devour his giant cock once more, but this time I relax as it hits the back of my throat and end up
taking him entirely to the base. My face is pressed up against his pink frosting as his dick hits its
limit, then he starts fucking my face hard.
The donut plows into me, pumping up and down and using me like a gay human sex toy, which
actually starts to make me hard down below. While he enjoys my mouth, I make sure to continue
stroking the other dessert on stage and he seems to appreciate it, finding a rhythm with his movement
against my steady strokes.
With my free hand I reach down and start to play with my cock, massaging myself as I'm
violated by the living junk food.
The stage lights feel bright on my skin, completely exposed to the crowd before me. My friends
are out there watching, Parker too, and exposing myself to them like this is potently arousing. I have
never been so horny in my entire life, consumed by the taboo nature of this human on pastry encounter.
Eventually, the floating donuts on either side of me start to tremble with pleasure, edging closer
and closer to orgasm. I pick up the pace, using the spit from my mouth to frantically beat them off
until finally they explode across my face in tandem. Two hot white loads fly through the air in milky
ropes, splattering across my cheeks from ear to ear. I open my mouth to catch some of the liquid, and
then swallow hungrily as the desserts disappear back into the darkness with drained balls.
Immediately, two freshly baked maple bars approach me, taking their friend's place. These
pastries are equally hung, and with a newfound ferocity and a face full of cum I start to expertly suck
them off. The desserts are clearly enjoying themselves, roughly passing me back and forth between
them.
I swallow deep. The maple bar to my left takes me all the way down and gags me, brutally
pushing me to the point that I'm unable to breathe around the girth of his enormous dick. My tongue
pushes out from the bottom of his shaft and laps against his syrupy balls as I choke.
"Of fuck." The living confectionery starts to moan from his single, circular opening. "Are you
ready for one more?"
I pull back to answer, but before I can form the words a warm blast of jizz hits me in the face. I
laugh a little as it somehow manages to get up my nose, and I smile when the strings of semen dangle
off of me. He pumps a few more shots and then turns me to face the other sweet treat, who's balls I
massage in my hand.
"Cover my fucking face with your sugary frosting." I beg, starting to get into it now. "Use me
as your gay donut cum dumpster."
He begins to moan and shake, bucking foreword and releasing his tension in the form of hot
splatters across my face.
Now that I've got four loads to contend with, I'm finally starting to feel the jizz blend together
and form a thin sheen of glazed icing across my face. It's like wearing a mask at the spa, only warmer
and many times more explicit. A little bit of it has managed to end up near my eyes and I wipe it
away with my fingers, blinking rapidly and looking up at the group of hard cocked donuts that now
float around me. Seeing that I can hold my own out here, the group has given up on approaching two
by two and instead have formed a tight circle with me as the centerpiece.
I look up at them with pleading eyes, making my way around the circle with both hands while I
ache to be touched myself.
Soon this new group of desserts begins to pop, a spray here and a splatter there. They fling
ropes of semen at me from every direction, landing them expertly across my face. From chin to
forehead I'm covered in pearly white milk, which runs down my neck and across my chest in long
drips. Dots of white speckle my eyelashes, which I fight desperately to see through as the donuts
come and go above me.
I have no idea how many loads I've taken until finally the announcer booms over the
loudspeaker once again.
"Nice work!" The voice bellows. "Mike has reached ten loads of hot, steamy frosting! That's
nearly a dozen!"
The audience bursts into uproarious applause and I smile wide as the strands that dangle from
my chin dance in the air. I continue to stroke my dick and as I do my body tenses up with aching
warmth, overwhelmed by the depraved situation that I have somehow gotten myself into.
"He's only got six more to go before winning tonight's grand prize! Where are those loads
going to be?"
Suddenly, on stage right, a huge wheel lights up and starts to spin. I can barely make out the
words that are printed on it, but it appears to be a list of different body parts; mouth, abs, chest.
Someone hands me a small buzzer with a single red button on top and I hold it for a moment, not
entirely sure what to do next, until finally I decide that my only option is to push it. The wheel begins
to slow to a crawl and as it does our audience cheers, clearly thrilled about the impending result.
When the wheel comes to a complete stop, the whole place erupts.
"Alright!" The announcer calls in a long drawl. "The final six frosting loads will be blasted
onto Mike's tight gay asshole!"
Two stagehands approach and help lean me back onto the ground, then position some sort of
ramp under me so that my legs are lifted and slowly placed behind my head. My upper back still on
the wooden stage floor, I find myself with my ass in the air and my butthole completely exposed to the
world.
Two floating donuts approach me with their cocks in their tiny baked hands, beating off and
looking down at my fit body as it lies contorted below them. One of them is covered in dark brown
chocolate sprinkles while the other sports an incredibly arousing coat of coconut shavings.
The first treat starts to moan almost immediately and shoots a string of semen directly into my
asshole, where it lands and pools for a moment before sliding back down the crack of my ass. The
next follows closely behind, but his aim is a little off so his jizz flies onto my butt, but also somehow
manages to add a few splatters to the mess on my face.
"Eleven!" The announcer calls out. "Twelve!"
Two more frozed treats approach and position themselves accordingly. As they pleasure
themselves I do the same, spastically rubbing my cock while I tiptoe on the edge of pure, blissful
orgasm.
As the donuts blow their loads I finally cum myself, the muscles in my stomach contracting
wildly as wave after wave of pleasure shoots through me. I scream a wild, animalistic yelp and let
go of everything, my eyes rolling back into my head like a man possessed. I can feel the cum frosting
raining down onto me as I tremble and quake, my body disappearing somehow and leaving me as an
object of pure blinding pleasure. The sensation envelopes me as jizz continues to fall and the
announcer calls out my benchmarks. My own load spurts back across the stage is a forceful blast.
"Thriteen!" He says. "Fourteen! Fifteen!"
I'm not even aware that the desserts have been replaced by others because my eyes are now
completely caked shut with sugary semen.
"Sixteen!" The announcer crows and the audience loses their minds.
I collapse back only the stage floor and the ramp is pulled out from under me so that I can lay
flat. I'm utterly glazed with donut semen.
"We have a winner!" The voice says. "Tell him what he's won!"
Another voice suddenly comes over the loudspeaker, higher pitched and speaking rapidly like
I'm trapped in some sort of bizarre sexual infomercial.
"Well Mike, you've had a great night here on The Big Glaze, starring in your very own donut
show and taking sixteen loads! You're going to love taking sixteen more during your all expenses
paid trip to Holland, home of the Dutch who came to America and invented the donut many, many
years ago! You'll stay at the finest luxury hotel that Holland has to offer before being whisked away
to our sister donut shop for your very own headline show!"
The crowd cheers again and I smile, sensing through the layers of cum on my closed eyelids that
the stage curtain is now closing. I lay alone in the darkness, slowly trying to recover from the best
night of my life.