I don't really think of myself as a criminal, but if I were hard pressed to answer with a definitive yes
or no, then I would have to settle on the affirmative. Of course, I would never commit any truly
serious crimes, and nothing violent either, but recently I've found myself in the position where I need
to fight to survive.
Of course, that's skipping ahead quite a bit.
There was once a time when I thought I was set in life, on top of my game in the world of
business and not a care in the world. At just twenty years old, I was already well on my way up the
corporate ladder after a string of successful potions at three major tech startups in Santa Monica.
Everything was going better than I ever could have imagined for bright young man like myself,
especially after skipping college and going straight into the business world, but then one day it all
came crashing down.
I was walking to work, as I often like to do under the beautiful California sun, when someone
blew through a red light and smashed into me, sending me flying though the air like a ragdoll. I
soared over twenty yards, where I landed, unconscious, with seventeen broken bones and severe head
trauma.
The fact that I woke up at all was a miracle, but when I came around a week and a half later, I
immediately found myself in even more trouble. The company I had been working for had gone under,
first laying off half of the employees on the day that I was hit, and then a week later completely
crumbling under the financial pressure when investors decided to pull out. Because of this, I was
suddenly no longer covered by my insurance, and the next thing I knew I was paying out of my own
private savings to stay alive. The rehabilitation cost so much that I was forced to sell my home, and
without a family to help me out, I found myself literally homeless on the day that I was released from
the hospital.
Without anywhere else to go, I took what little positions I still had and started spending my
nights sleeping under the pier in Venice Beach, hunting for jobs in the day and begging for change in
the evening. Apparently, my good luck in business had run out because, despite my incredible job
experience, nobody was willing to hire a guy who didn't have an address listed on his resume. I
guess I don't blame them, I wouldn't have hired me either.
Eventually, I started to fit in down there on the beach, learning the ways of the street and doing
what I had to do to survive. Like I said, I don't think of myself as a criminal, but over time you start
to realize that stealing a little food to keep yourself moving forward another day isn't all that bad in
the grand scheme of things.
But some people don't see it that way, and it's days like today where that difference in opinions
becomes glaringly obvious.
"What the fuck do you think you're doing with that?" The owner of the taco stand asks me as I
look back at him with wide eyes and red hands. I've got one of the orders that was meant for
someone else, hoping to make my grab and then slip away unnoticed. Unfortunately, today I'm not
blending into the crowd as much as I thought and there's nothing I can do about it now.
"I'm sorry." I say with genuine apology. I place the order back on the edge of the taco stand. "I
though those we're mine."
"No you didn't!" The owner and chef says, pushing harder for me to admit my wrongdoing.
"You were here yesterday, too. Doing the same damn thing!"
He's right, and usually I'm not this stupid when it comes to returning to the scene of the crime,
but those carnitas were just so tasty that I had to come back for round two.
"I'm sorry, I really am." I say backing away from the taco stand with my hands in the air. "It's
not gonna happen again."
"Don't even think about walking away from here." The chef says angrily, causing me to halt in
my tracks.
"Please." I beg. "I'm just trying to eat."
"So am I!" Argues the taco guy, who's getting more and more irate with every passing second.
"I'm trying to run a business to feed my family and you keep stealing all of my fucking food!"
By now his anger has started to draw a crowd, and moments later I notice two unicorn beach
cops approaching, their manes flowing behind them with intimidating grace.
The man at the taco stand sees the unicorn cops as well, seizing the opportunity to make me pay
for my digressions against him. "Hey!" The guy shouts over to the cops while pointing in my
direction. "This guys is a thief! Stop him!"
Immediately, I take off running in the other direction, my feet slamming hard on the pavement as
I weave in and out of the tourists that dot the Venice Beach boardwalk. I glance back to see that the
unicorn police are in hot pursuit, and it becomes apparent very quickly that I'm no match for their
speed. Unicorns already possess an incredibly fast gallop, but these particular horned cops were
outfitted with inline skates that made them lightening quick. Before I even have a chance to begin, I'm
finished, pressed up roughly against a hard brick wall while one of the unicorns handcuffs me.
The nicer of the two hangs back and performs a few figure eights while he watches the scene
unfold, definitely playing up the good cop image while his partner roughs me up. I wasn't falling for
any of it, though. This may be my first time dealing with police of the unicorn kind, but I've spent
enough time on the street by now to know how to handle myself around the law.
"What's your name?" The unicorn cop asks.
"Jeff." I stammer.
"Well Jeff, your ass is under arrest for theft in the first degree, and for evading arrest." Says the
cop. "Your hot ass has the right to remain silent."
"I'm sorry, what?" I ask, astonished at what I'm hearing. "Did you just say my hot ass has the
right to remain silent? I don't think that's how it goes."
The unicorn cop tightens the handcuffs a little more, not playing around. "You heard me." He
says.
"No! I didn't!" I plead, genuinely confused.
The cop spins me around so that I'm facing him now, then looks me up and down in a way that is
both strange and alarming.
"What is it?" I ask. "I don't have any weapons on me."
"Just checking out this bod of yours." The unicorn tells me very matter of factly, while his
unicorn partner moves on to more advanced roller blade tricks on the pavement behind him.
"You can't be real cops." I protest. "Let me see your badge."
The stern unicorn reaches up and takes hold of a glinting silver badge that hangs from his neck
on a chain, putting it up to my face so that I can see the name.
"Officer Kord, Unicorn Butt Cops." I read aloud.
"That's right, motherfucker." Says Officer Kord, "You just messed with the wrong unicorns."
I'd heard about the UBC before but never encountered them for myself down here on the beach.
People spoke of them with fear and apprehension, terrified of their homoerotic brand of justice that
had been officially sanctioned by the government only years earlier. Fortunately, I'm not terrified of
them at all because of a deep, dark secret I've been keeping for most of my life; I'm as gay as it gets,
and these cops are actually kind of hot.
"I'm so sorry." I say, "I wasn't trying to hurt anyone, I was just hungry for some food."
"I understand that, sir. But you still broke the law." Says Officer Kord. "And there are
consequences for breaking the law."
Suddenly, the unicorn cop who's been skating loops and doing tricks nearby comes barreling
towards us at lightening speed, then stops with a loud grinding sound as he comes to a halt just inches
away.
"Alright, punk." Says this new, much more aggressive (but just as handsome) unicorn cop.
"You've got two choices, either you can pay the fine or you can receive your punishment."
Clearly, I had gotten the ‘good cop, bad cop' dynamic wrong between these two, because this
new unicorn was playing hardball like I've never seen.
I look down at the badge hanging from his neck, which identifies him as Officer Portanza.
"What's the fine?" I ask, already knowing that I'm going to take the punishment but still playing
along to appease them.
"Three hundred dollars." Says Portanza gruffly, while Officer Kord looks on with a smirk, his
pearly white horn glinting in the California sun.
"I don't have that kind of money." I tell them, biting my lip coying as I eye up the two studly
unicorn cops. "What's the punishment?"
The two officers exchange glances, suddenly understanding that I'm on the same page that they
are and definitely excited about it. When they turn their attention back to me there's a fire in their
eyes, a burning passion for gay pounding. I can feel my cock start to harden with my pants, growing
larger and larger as it swells at the thought of these muscular, unicorn studs having their way with me
right here in the sand. After all, unicorn cops always deliver their punishment out in the open, to
deter others from making the same mistake.
Of course, one man's punishment is another man's pleasure, and I can't wait to get started.
"The punishment for theft in the first degree by a hot studly dude is a hard anal pounding." Says
Officer Portanza.
"And the punishment for evading arrest is a hard anal pounding, as well." Officer Kord chimes
in. "Which means that, for your infractions, we're looking at a double anal situation."
A smile slowly crosses my face. "When can we get started?"
The unicorn cops begin to pull me away from the wall when suddenly there's a loud siren and
the three of us look over to see the LAPD pulling up in an actual police cruiser. The officer in the
front rolls down his window and sticks his head out.
"Hey, what's going on over here?" The cop asks, "We had a report of a carnitas theft?"
The unicorns look back at the police cruiser and give a nod.
"That's right." Says Officer Kord. "We've got him right here, admitted to the whole thing."
"Oh yeah?" The LAPD cop asks. "What kind of punishment are you boys looking at?"
"Double anal pounding, sir." Explains Kord. "Before that probably some double blowjobs,
maybe a little spit roasting, and I figure we'll probably end by cumming all over his face."
The cop in his police cruiser listens intently and then nods. "Alright, and this young man is cool
with all this?"
I nod.
"Sounds good." Says the police officer. "Well, you all have fun out here, don't get sand in your
crack!" The officer laughs and then drives away, waving as he goes.
The unicorn cops wave back and then, moments later, we're back in business.
"Come on." Says Officer Kord, taking my by the arm and leaning me off of the cement
boardwalk and out into the sand. He doesn't seem to mind that his roller blades are getting all kinds
of tiny rock grains up in their wheels.
I follow closely as we step through the sand, out towards the water, then stop just a few yards
from the shore and under the hot, blazing sun. I look up and wipe the sweat off of my brow. "Here?"
"Yes." Says Officer Kord gruffly, undoing my handcuffs and removing them from my wrists.
"Now disrobe."
I do as I'm told, slowly removing my shirt to reveal an incredible set of toned, muscular abs,
then following quickly with my red shorts. I'm in nothing but tight boxer briefs now, standing at
attention as the two unicorn cops admire my chiseled physique. My massive cock is trying
desperately to get out of it's cloth sling, pushing hard against the fabric as it begs for sunlight.
"Everything." Officer Portanza commands. "Take it all off."
My heart pounding hard within my chest, I carefully slip down my underwear and step out of
them. I notice now that a small crowd has gathered around us at a distance, watching the drama
unfold and snapping a few photos.
Of courses, a handful of tourists checking me out is the last thing on my mind right now. Instead,
my thoughts are flooded with an intense and powerful gay arousal for these uniformed beasts. All that
I can think about is what I'm going to do to them, and what I want them to do to me.
I drop to my knees in the sand and look up at the two Unicorn Butt Cops with eyes full of blind
lust, then immediately get to work as I unbutton both of their flies. Moments later, the creatures cocks
are unsheathed, massive towering rods that block out the sun above me.
I take one in each hand and begin to stroke, slowly at first and then faster and faster as Officer's
Kord and Portanza begin to react to my movements. The UBCs let out long, satisfied groans as they
begin to pump their hips back against me, quickly finding a pleasant rhythm between my fingers.
"How's this?" I ask playfully.
"That's fucking great." Says Officer Portanza, who places his hands onto the back of my head
and begins to push me down towards his lengthy shaft.
I follow his lead, opening wide and taking the enormous unicorn rod down my throat as far as I
can, gagging slightly as he hits my gag reflex and then relaxing enough to consume his entirety. I push
my face lower and lower until eventually I find my lips pressed up against the unicorn's hard abs,
which remain hidden beneath his shirt.
Desperate to see the toned bodies of these beautiful creatures, I reach up and begin to paw at the
fabric of Officer Portanza's beach uniform until finally he pulls it off over his head.
I look up, the unicorn cop's dick still firmly planted within my mouth, and enjoy the view of this
creature's incredible, ripped body. In my peripheral vision, I can see Officer Kord removing his
shirt, as well, getting comfortable and ready for a good time in the sand.
"Suck it." Officer Portanza commands, drawing my focus once again. "Suck that fat unicorn
cock you nasty little twink."
"Nasty little criminal twink." Officer Kord adds.
I pull Portanza's rod out of my mouth just long enough to offer him a desperate, "Yes sir!" Then
I immediately get to work pumping my head up and down the length of his shaft. A start slowly at
first, savoring every movement as I move, then growing faster and faster until I'm maniacally sucking
him off, cock-crazed and hornier than I've ever been in my life. All the while I continue to beat
Officer Kord's dick with my free hand, pleasuring both of the Unicorn Butt Cops with an experts
grace.
Soon enough I find myself switching to the other side, taking the fresh cock of Officer Kord
between my wet lips and going to town on him like I did his partner.
By now, the crowd of onlookers has grown into a sizable gathering, a vague circle in the sand of
excited tourists who now have a story to tell about the time they saw two Unicorn Butt Cops pounding
the fuck out of some hot guy on the beach. Might as well give them the show that they're expecting, I
think to myself.
Frantic for dick, a begin to move back and forth between the two unicorn rods in frantic, gay
desperation, blowing one after the other until, finally, I just can't take it any longer and shove both of
their dicks in to my mouth at the same time. It's a struggle to fit them both inside, but I do my best.
Moments later I'm falling forward into the sand, my muscular ass popped out behind me as I
wiggle it playfully for my unicorn lovers.
"I think I'm ready for my pounding." I tell them with a wink.
Now wearing nothing but his clunky inline skates, Officer Portanza clops through the sand
behind me and then quickly begins to align his massive rod with the puckered entrance of my asshole.
I reach back with one hand and grab my butt cheek, holding myself open for him as the hefty beast
crouches slightly and then thrusts forward, brutally impaling me onto his giant unicorn rod.
I let out a yelp of both pain and pleasure as he enters me, my body in shock as it struggles to
grow accustomed to the unicorn cop's substantial size. The weight of Officer Portanza pushes me
forward in the warm sand, which pleasantly oozes through my fingers as I brace myself for his
powerful thrusts.
Almost immediately, the beast is moving inside of me, plugging his mammoth rod in and out of
my maxed out rectum while I moan and groan with pleasure. I bite my lip, my eyes rolling back into
my head as I try desperately to come to terms with all of the incredible sensations that battle for
attention within me.
"Holy shit, that feels so fucking good." I confess. "Pound me harder, Unicorn Butt Cop!"
My vocalizations kick the horny officer into overdrive, doubling his speed as he slams his giant
shaft up my asshole, and I would certainly continue egging him on if it wasn't for the fact that Officer
Kord has joined the fun, clopping up in front of me and shoving his enormous cock down my throat.
Now taken from either end like a gay human shish kabob, my moans of pleasure have become
distorted and weird against the fleshy rod that fills my throat. The creatures have clearly been
partners on the UBC beat for a long time, because their timing together is incredible. Within seconds
the two cops have synced into a rhythm with one another, pushing me back and forth between their
rods with a synergy like I've never seen. I feel as though I've been strapped onto a strange, sexual
roller coaster and have no option now but to hang on and enjoy the ride.
The crowd must have picked up on their expert fucking skills, as well, because moments later
they break into a raucous applause while the muscular unicorn cops gain speed within me, pounding
away like I'm nothing but a rag doll with a hot gay hole in either end.
I'm so achingly horny from the encounter that my cock feels like it's going to explode right then
and there, hanging between my legs in all of its throbbing, rock hard glory. Careful to hold myself up
with one hand, I reach down and begin to stroke off with the other, the pleasure almost too much to
take. Within seconds, I feel as though I'm ready to blow my load but then I remember my impending
punishment and hold off; these unicorns aren't even close to finished with me yet.
Like clockwork, the UBC partners switch places, stomping around to either side of me with
their large, booted hooves. They pick up right where they left off, slamming my holes from either side
as I frantically, but enjoyably, struggle to take their girth.
"God damn, that unicorn cock feels so good!" I pop out the dick in my mouth just long enough to
say. "Keep fucking my twink ass just like that!"
"You like that?" Officer Kord asks me from behind. "That's what you get when you fuck
around with the Unicorn Butt Cops!"
Officer Portanza steps back from us for a moment and then drops down into the sand, rolling
over onto his back as his cock springs forth from his massive unicorn body. "I think you're ready for
the big show." Says the hulking beast, his tower-of-a-dick just waiting for me to climb aboard.
I pull Kord out of my asshole, a sharp tingle running down my spine as he slides out of my
tightness, then crawl over to Officer Portanza and climb aboard, throwing my legs around his
enormous unicorn body. The unicorn neighs loudly as I reach down and grab his erection tight,
carefully placing it against the taut rim of my backdoor and then sliding down onto him.
A long, animalistic groan escapes my lips as I slip across the unicorn's pole until finally I come
to a stop at the hilt of his shaft, fully impaled by the cop's impressive thickness. I immediately start to
ride him, swooping my hips down hard against the creature's muscular body as my entire being is
filled with sharp, lightening bolts of pleasure.
"I'm sorry I stole a cartinas taco!" I scream in cheerful desperation. "I'll never do it again!"
"You fucking better not!" Says Officer Portanza gruffly.
I'm enjoying myself so much that I don't even notice the other unicorn cop climbing into
position behind me, until suddenly he's right there, crouching down and pushing his enormous shaft
against the puckered rim of my already filled ass.
"Oh fuck." I say instinctively, gripping tightly onto the muscular unicorn cop below me. "Oh
fuck, oh fuck!"
As the second gigantic cock slides up into my ass I let out a long, drawn out "fuck" that carries
out across the beach, transforming eventually into a strange, guttural moan. My ass feels as though it's
about to rip in half, filled well beyond capacity by these two hung unicorns as I struggle to accept
their girth. After a few pumps back and forth, however, I find myself relaxing against the pressure of
their powerful rods.
The crowd goes wild, cheering with rapt enthusiasm as they watch the two creatures pound me
from the top and bottom. The swarm of onlookers snap pictures from every angle, capturing the
sublime gay moment for later viewing in the context of exciting vacation photos.
Meanwhile, the two beasts work in tandem within me, using my asshole in perfect harmony like
only partners who've worked the beat for years could. Soon the dull painful ache of my rectum's
stretching gives way to something deep and much more powerful, a pleasure unlike anything I've ever
experienced. The Unicorn Butt Cops gain speed within me, pounding away at my tiny twink asshole
with everything that they've got as I moan and groan between them.
Soon the one behind me is neighing loudly, his entire body trembling in the sand as he rears up
on his hind legs, pulling out of my butt and blasting his hot, sparkling unicorn load across my asshole
and back. It drips down the sides of my tanned, muscular body in thick streaks.
The beast within my asshole quickly starts to tremble as well and, seizing the moment, I reach
down between my legs to frantically beat my dick. Our timing is perfect, because the next thing I
know the unicorn below me is pushing deep and holding within, expelling a hot load of his seed into
my ass while I simultaneously eject a shot of my own. I throw my head back and let out a howl of
passion, my spunk splattering across the chest of the ripped unicorn cop below me.
Deep within my asshole, Officer Kord is still unloading round after round of warm cum, filling
me to the brim until there is no room left and his spunk comes spilling out from the edges of my
packed rim.
Completely spent, I collapse back into the sand as the unicorn cops pull out and begin to dress
themselves, carefully pulling back on their beach patrol uniforms.
"Alright folks, let's move it along." Officer Portanza says, dispersing the crowd. "Nothing to
see here."
I stand up and brush the sand off of my body, then put back on my clothes. "Thanks guys, I really
learned my lesson." I tell them.
The unicorn beach cops smile and nod. "Looks like it, that was a good time for all of us." Says
Officer Kord. "Thanks for your participation."
The beastly patrolmen start to walk away, trudging back across the beach and out of my life
forever, when suddenly they stop in their tracks. The two of them are quietly discussing something
with one another, and then moments later they turn around and come back to me.
"We were wondering if you'd ever thought about joining the Unicorn Butt Cops." Officer
Portanza asks.
"Really?" I respond excitedly, my heart skipping a beat. "I'd never even considered it but… I
mean, I do need a job."
"Why don't you come back to the station with us and we'll see if we can sort you out with
something." The beast offers.
"But, I'm not even a unicorn." I tell them. "Don't I have to be a unicorn to apply?"
Officer Portanz nods. "Sure, but we're opening up a new dinosaur division that I think you'd be
perfect for."
I freeze for a moment, terrified that my cover has been blown. "How did you know?" I
stammer.
The two officer's exchange glances. "Please… When has a human ever stolen a carnitas taco?
That's dinosaur behavior to a T." Officer Kord tells me. "We get at least five carnitas theft calls a
day down here and every time it's either a raptor or a rex… no offence."
"None taken." I say, a smile slowly crossing my dinosaur face. "Alright then, where to I sign
up?"