Years ago, I would have never considered myself much of a writer, but the more that you do
something the better you get at it, and some days during the last few months it felt like I was writing
more than I'm speaking.
It wasn't always this way, of course, and in my college days I was barely capable of fumbling
my way to a passing English grade. Math was more of my thing, and the finesse that beloved authors
used to string together their prose escaped me completely.
This, however, all changed on a warm summers eve, when I was strolling casually along the
docks of San Francisco. The sun was just about to disappear beyond the horizon, casting the entire
bay in a purple and orange glow and causing my shadow to stretch out forever like black taffy behind
me. The seagulls were crying out as they fluttered around the boats of the nearby marina, seemingly
mourning the slow death of their beloved fading sun. It was breathtaking.
Unfortunately, I wasn't really in the mood to enjoy it completely. Instead, my mind was haunted
by visions of my girlfriend, Kortos, who was now painfully my ex-girlfriend. The break up was
fresh, no older than two days, and I was far from ready to let it go.
My heart was broken, and at that point I was utterly convinced that I would never find another
lover again.
That is, until I saw him.
Looking out across the marina, my gaze stopped on an incredibly handsome unicorn who was in
the midst of securing his large sailboat to the dock with a thick rope. The unicorn was absolutely
gorgeous, toned and muscular with broad shoulders and biceps that could crack walnuts.
All my life, I had only found myself attracted to woman, but the second that I laid my eyes on
this handsome unicorn something changed deep within me. This mysterious sailor beast had a hold on
my heart, and now there was no going back.
Immediately, I start to make my way down towards the water. I have never had much
confidence when it comes to the approach, but this creature's beauty was so powerful, so seductive,
that it feels as though not talking to him would be even harder to consider. This is a once in a lifetime
moment, and I know that I have to strike while I have the chance; for better, or for worse.
The unicorn looks up as I make my way down the dock towards him, smiling as our eyes meet.
"Hey." I say, stopping in front of him, my heart pounding hard within my chest.
"Hi there." Says the unicorn.
I suddenly realize that I have nothing else to say, completely unprepared for the inevitable
conversation that would occur after our introductions.
The awkward silence between us seems to last forever, until I finally muster up the courage to
stammer out a follow up question for this majestic beast.
"Nice boat." I finally say. "What's it called?"
"The Butt." The unicorn tells me confidently. "Do you sail?"
I shake my head, "No. I mean, I've always wanted to but my girlfriend hates the ocean."
The unicorn cracks an uncomfortable smile as the word girlfriend leaves my lips, so I quickly
correct myself.
"Ex-girlfriend." I say.
"Oh!" The unicorn responds in turn. "I'm so sorry to hear that."
I suddenly realize that this unicorn is just as interested in me as I am in him, and from here on
out a strange calm falls over me. I'm cool, casual and collected.
"What's your name?" I ask the handsome nautical beast.
"Hunter." The unicorn says, reaching out and shaking my hand with his hoof.
The second that we touch, a sharp chill runs down my spine, a signal that something is
happening here way beyond a mere chance meeting. This is special.
"I'm Tuck, it's nice to meet you. I'm sorry if this is forward." I say. "But, would you be
interested in grabbing some dinner tonight?"
"Right now?" Laughs Hunter.
"Yeah." I tell him, desperately aching to avoid rejection. "There are some great restaurants
along the water here. It's my treat."
Hunter looks me up and down for a moment, clearly focused on some kind of private inner
debate. Finally, he nods. "Yeah, let's go."
It's not long before we are seated at a nearby restaurant that overlooks the San Francisco bay.
The place is a little out of my price range, but I'm hell bent on impressing this beautiful beast tonight,
and so far it seems to be working.
I've ordered a well-seasoned surf and turf, meticulously presented and piping hot on the plate
before me.
Being a unicorn, Hunter has ordered a large portion of hay, which he munches on happily.
"How is it?" I ask.
"Amazing." Hunter tells me. "This is some of the best hay I've had in a long, long time.
Thanks for taking me here."
I lean back in my chair and smile. "Is it weird how comfortable I feel around you? I mean,
we've only just met but I feel like I've known you my entire life."
The unicorn stops chewing, renegade straws of hay dangling from his lips. "No, I feel it, too."
His admission fills my heart with warmth, an incredible sensation of mutual comfort and
admiration now coursing between us. The rest of the meal slowly evolves into the best date of my
life, full of lighthearted conversation and beautifully personal revelations about life and love. I
explain to Hunter that I've never been with another man before, unicorn or human, and he puts my
mind at ease, explaining that it's not entirely gay if a relationship is between a man and a beast. I tell
him that I don't mind either way. Maybe I've always been gay and I just didn't know it until now?
As the night begins to come to a close, I finally muster up the courage to ask Hunter on a second
date.
"So… this was a lot of fun." I start. "I thing you're incredible and I'd like to see you again
sometime. Maybe this Friday?"
The unicorn gets strangely quiet and suddenly my heart skips a beat. I know that I've done
nothing wrong, but based on Hunter's reaction there is clearly something going on here that I'm not yet
fully aware of.
"What is it?" I ask.
Hunter lets out a long sigh, his gaze drifting over my shoulder and out across the vast, black
waters beyond. "I knew this was going to happen."
"What was going to happen?" I question, frustrated as I reach out across the table and take his
hoof in my hand. "What's wrong?"
"I can't see you on Friday. In fact, I don't know if I'll ever see you again." Hunter says.
Immediately, I find it hard to breath. I sit straight up in my chair, reeling from the unicorn's
startling admission and more than a little confused. "What do you mean?" I demand to know,
struggling to keep my emotions in check.
"Here's the deal." Hunter says, tears welling up in his eyes. "I'm leaving tonight, right when
we get back to the docks. I'm about to start a year long journey to sail around the world in The Butt."
"Oh my god." Is all that I can say. I'm not upset with Hunter, just utterly, savagely heartbroken.
"I want you to know that I feel it too." The unicorn admits. "I feel this love between us and I
know that it's as real as it gets."
I want to beg Hunter not to go, to demand that he stays with me here in San Francisco, but I just
can't do it. I can already tell that the handsome unicorn is having a hard enough time as it is, and I
don't want to make this any worse on him.
"I understand." I say, the words burning my soul as they escape from my lips. "Go."
"Tuck." Hunter says, a single tear streaming down his face. "I'll wait for you."
My body is flooded with emotions now, almost too much to bear. "You will?"
"Of course." Hunter says. "I've never met anyone like you before. I need to go on this trip, but
when I return we can be together."
I can't help myself; I stand up right then and there, in the middle of the restaurant, and walk
around the table, throwing my arms around Hunter. "I love you so much." I confess.
"I love you, too." Says my gay unicorn lover. "Mark my words… When I see you again, I'll do
something that shows you just how much I love you. I promise."
When we finally finish our embrace I sit back down, wiping my eyes.
"I'm not going to have the internet or phone service." Explains the unicorn. "But I can give you
a map of when and were I'll be at every port. You'll be able to send me letters that I can pick up at
the local post office. Will you write to me?"
"Of course I'll write to you." I promise Hunter. "Every day."
The unicorn nods, his majestic horn glinting in the moonlight that streams through the window
next to him. "Good… I guess I'll see you in a year then."
The first few days are the hardest. As Kortos moves her things out of our apartment, I patiently
wait for the first letter from Hunter to arrive. We have agreed that he will start our exchange and then
I will respond, leaving me with nothing to do but wait.
The days seem to stretch on forever.
It remains like this until finally, one fateful morning, I open up my mailbox to see a beautifully
folded letter waiting for me.
Immediately, I take the tiny parcel inside and open it while sitting nervously at the dining room
table, anxious for whatever Hunter has to say.
"Dearest Tuck." I read aloud to myself. "Never before have a felt such a longing in my heart.
You are the light in my life, a brilliance that I never knew was possible until now. You cast out the
darkness and replace it with a whole new world. This will be a long year, but it will be worth it, and
at the end of this year I want you to give yourself to me, wholly and completely, so that I can fuck your
brains out."
His words make me tremble with desire, and soon enough I find myself unzipping my jeans, my
hand slipping down past the waistband of my underwear and grabbing a hold of my rock hard cock. I
begin to stroke myself off as I read the rest of the unicorn's beautifully crafted letter.
"I can't wait to be inside of you." I read aloud, my voice quaking. "To shove this fat unicorn
cock up your ass and make you beg for more."
Even though I have just begun reading, I suddenly find myself aching to cum, to shoot my pent up
load as I recite Hunter's romantic words aloud.
"I want to blast my load all over your chiseled human face and watch you lick my unicorn seed
from your lips." I read.
Immediately, I start cumming, ejecting my hot jizz onto the floor beneath the dinner table.
"Fuck!" I cry out, no longer reading as I buckle forward, unable to contain the immense pleasure that
explodes within me.
When the sensation finally passes I fall back into my chair, exhausted. I pick up the letter and
continue to read the rest of it.
"In other news, I've decided to start collecting beach glass from every port that I stop in. I'm
hoping to start an online business where I sell it to people from around the world." I recite.
I can't help but smile at Hunter's ambitious nature, and my expression grows even wider when I
reach the bottom of the page.
"I love you, and I can't wait for the day that we will be together again." I read aloud. "Anally
yours, Hunter."
Just below his signature, Hunter has left the pink marking of his puckered butthole, pressed
against to page in a perfect starfish after applying a liberal helping of lipstick.
The letters continue back and forth like this for months, ranging from in depth personal
confessions to hardcore erotic prose. Every time I open my mailbox to find one of his notes it feels
like Christmas morning; with me running inside and tearing the letter open in a frantic attempt to get at
whatever gay musings can be found within.
One day, however, everything changes. I open my letter and my jaw drops, blown away by the
words that stare back at me from the page.
"Dearest Tuck." I read aloud. "I am writing to inform you that my beach glass business has
taken off dramatically. I am now a billionaire and would like to send my private helicopter to come
and pick you up in the very spot we met, at noon, so that it can carry you to the Bahamas where I will
be waiting nude on the beach, ready to make love to you. Anally yours, Hunter."
Immediately, I jump up from my chair and begin to pack my things.
As our helicopter draws closer to the Bahaman beach, I strain to catch a glimpse of my unicorn
lover. It has been months since we've seen each other in person, months since that incredible night
when the two of us learned what love truly was.
"There's the shore!" My pilot says over his headset, pointing down at the white sand below.
It's then that I spot Hunter, laying out on the edge of the water with his massive unicorn cock
completely exposed. He is ripped beyond belief and tanned to perfection after months out on the
water. Immediately, tears of joy begin to fill my eyes.
The helicopter lands on the sand and before the pilot can say another word I've leapt from the
craft, sprinting down the beach towards Hunter.
Meanwhile Hunter is galloping towards me, his massive rod bouncing with an impressive heft
as he moves. When the two of us finally meet in the middle there is an explosion of passion, our
embrace immediately morphing into a zealous whirlwind of kisses that causes the two of us to
collapse into the sand.
Hunter is on top of me, his muscular body pressed hard against mine as the tide pulses below us
in a cool succession of gentle waves.
"I've missed you so fucking much." I tell the powerful creature.
"You have no idea." Hunter says, kissing me deeply once more.
We roll around in the sand like this for a while until I just can't take it anymore, pushing my
unicorn lover back so that he's laid out on the beach with his massive shaft pointing upward like a
glorious pink rocket.
"I've been wanting to do this for a long time." I tell him with a wink, then opening wide and
take Hunter's enormous dick down my throat. I push down as deep as I can and hold him there,
allowing all twelve inches of his hard unicorn shaft to slip into my depths.
Hunter lets out a long, satisfied moan, clearly impressed with my skills as an oral lover and
fully aware of the fact that he is the first man I have ever been with. In the months leading up to this
encounter, I have been practicing my technique with a banana, and it appears to be paying off.
"Holy shit, Tuck." Hunter groans. "You are so good."
When I finally run out of air I come up with a frantic gasp, a rope of saliva hanging gracefully
from my lips.
I give Hunter a wink. "You ain't seen nothing yet."
Immediately, I get back to work on the unicorn's giant rod, bobbing my head up and down
across the length of his shaft. I can feel Hunter's muscular abs tense up and release, his hips moving
along in unison with my expertly performed movements.
As I service Hunter with my mouth I reach up and cradle his fuzzy unicorn balls, massaging
them gently while I lick him from base to tip.
"I want to fuck you." My unicorn lover eventually says. "I want to pound that tight little twink
asshole."
"Please." I beg. "Please fuck me. It's all that I want."
Immediately, I turn around and place myself before Hunter in the sand on my hands and knees,
tearing off my shirt and shorts and popping my bare ass back towards him.
The unicorn eyes me up, taking in my toned physique as I tempt him with my puckered gay hole.
"I need you inside of me." I admit. "I'm anally yours."
"Forever?" Hunter asks, climbing up onto his hooves and clopping into position on the wet
sand behind me.
"Forever." I tell him.
Hunter places his massive unicorn rod up against the rim of my butt, teasing the edge of my
tightness while I reach back with one hand and hold myself open for him. My unicorn lover pushes
forward, slowly but firmly, letting me feel every aching moment of my butthole spread to
accommodate his enormous size.
"Oh fuck, you are so big!" I cry out, my body flooded with a mixture of pain and pleasure as I
gradually take the length of Hunter's monstrous rod. My asshole is stretched to its absolute limits,
struggling to contain the thickness within.
Soon enough, Hunter has reached maxed out my asshole, his cock fully inserted within me and
held firmly at the hilt. My body has just finished growing accustomed to his size when the muscular
unicorn begins to pump in and out of my depths, slowly at first and then gaining speed.
I brace myself against the sand before me, the cool waves rushing in and out of my fingers as the
massive cock rushes in and out of my butt. Almost immediately I can feel the strange and unfamiliar
sensation of prostate orgasm blossoming within. My body is quaking hard beneath Hunter's weight,
aching and trembling as a vicious cocktail of lustful emotions pulses through me.
"I'm getting close." I groan, Hunter's thrusts continuing to hammer away at my backside. "I
think I'm gonna cum!"
I reach down and start to frantically beat off my hard rod, my body quaking with desire until
suddenly Hunter pulls me up and stops me.
"Oh no you don't." My majestic unicorn lover says with a laugh. "I need you to blow that hot
load inside of me."
I climb to my feet as the unicorn sailor motions for me to mount him from behind. I do as I'm
told, climbing aboard the massive beast so that I'm clutching tightly to his waist while I hang down
off of the back. My cock is perfectly positioned at the entrance of Hunter's asshole, and as the
unicorn takes off galloping down the beach I push into him firmly.
Now holding on for deal life, I find myself riding Hunter along the shoreline, each and every
gallop pushing me in and out of his tight asshole. The sensation is incredible, and as the cool sea
breeze whips past my face I find myself overwhelmed by the recognition that this truly is what real
love feels like.
To our right, the majestic ocean stretches on forever in an endless plain of blue, while to my left
blossoms the lush jungle, spilling out over the sand. My senses are assaulted by beauty at every turn
and, all the while, the aching pleasure within my throbbing cock begins to spread out across my body
in powerful waves.
"Faster!" I shout to my unicorn lover as he careen over rocks and tide pools. I hang on tight,
not wanting to slip off and fall as Hunter's pace quickens "Oh my fucking god, I'm gonna cum so
hard!"
Second later, I explode within my unicorn lover, expelling my seed into his tight asshole over a
series of several powerful ejections. I'm screaming, my eyes clenched tight as every muscle in my
body spasms. I no longer know where I am or how I got here, just that my entire being has been
engulfed in a blinding pleasure unlike anything I have ever felt.
When I open my eyes again, I find myself laying on my back in the sand, exhausted and
completely satisfied.
Hunter has turned around and is standing over me, his long unicorn cock hanging down and
pulsing with lustful tension.
"Now it's your turn!" I offer with a smile, reaching up and grabbing ahold of his member
tightly. I immediately get to work beating Hunter off, rapidly throttling my grip across the hard length
of his enormous shaft.
"Oh my god." Hunter moans. "Oh my fucking god."
Second later, the unicorn's hot load explodes across my face, showering down onto me with an
incredible fury. It splatters everywhere, crisscrossing my wide open mouth and running down either
cheek in streaks of pearly white.
When he finally finishes, Hunter collapses onto the sand next to me.
"That was amazing." I tell him. "I'm so glad we finally got to express our love for each other
out here in the real world, instead of just through letters."
Hunter smiles and nuzzles up against me. "It was amazing, you're right about that. But I've
been expressing our love in the real world for a while now."
I pull back to get a good look at Hunter's expression, trying to figure out what exactly he means.
"How?" I finally ask.
"I'll show you." Says Hunter, climbing up onto his hooves. "Hop on."
Soon, my unicorn lover and I are making our way through the dense Bahaman forest towards a
destination that remains a mystery to me.
"Ever since the sea glass business turned me into a billionaire, I've been looking for a way to
express my love for you." Says Hunter. "When I stopped on this island with The Butt, I knew that I
had to stay, but I wanted to make it a home for the two of us together."
"I don't know what to say." I stammer. "That's incredible."
"You don't have to say anything." Hunter tells me.
Suddenly, we emerge from the jungle and find ourselves at the edge of a small village where
various workers mill about diligently. Towering above them is a massive statue made of green sea
glass, and depicting Hunter and myself in a beautiful, passionate embrace.
The sight takes my breath away, completely moved to my core by Hunter's romantic gesture.
"Do you like it?" My unicorn lover asks.
"I love it." I tell him.
"I bought this entire island for us." Hunter explains. "I've renamed it Huntertuck Island and
made everyone else leave. We are the only inhabitants."
"Then who are they?" I question, pointing to the workers who are so meticulously crafting the
new village's infrastructure.
"Look closer." Hunter says with a smile.
I do as I'm told, peering out across the field and trying my best to get a good look at the
workers. Upon closer inspection I realize that they are all unicorns, which is strange in itself until I
suddenly make another observation and gasp in shock.
"Oh my god." I exclaim. "They're all… you."
Hunter nods, a satisfied expression on his face. "They are all clones, created by me at
Huntertuck Island's state of the art cloning facility."
"That's incredible." I say, shaking my head in amazement.
"And now, with the seed that you so perfectly expelled within my asshole, we will make a
second set of clones: Tuck clones." Hunter explains.
I gasp, not quite sure what to say, but blown away by the incredible gesture. If you'd have told
me four months ago that I would meet this handsome unicorn and he would become a billionaire, who
would then sweep me away to a beautiful private island where the only inhabitants were worker
drone clones of the two of us, I'd have a hard time believing you. Yet here I am, face to face with my
incredible new life.
"This is so sweet." I say, leaning forward and kissing the back of Hunter's long, white mane.
"Thank you."
"Now I'll always be anally yours." My unicorn lover says. "Forever."