It's been four years since the war started, and already I feel like I can barely remember a time before
all of this bloodshed. Things have changed so rapidly since President Yuldok decided that the United
States had waited long enough to intervene in the European conflict, and suddenly an entire generation
of young men and women were thrust into the warzone.
Back home in the United States, there was strangeness in the air, a sense of patriotism but also
fear; fear of death, fear of destruction, but most of all, fear of failure.
Everything that made America great had been amplified to outrageous proportions, flags
popping up on every lawn and businesses competing with one another to see who could appear the
most patriotic.
This was even more evident in my hometown of Akron, Ohio, a humble midwestern town with a
hardworking mentality. Half of my friends had already left home to serve on the frontlines, but I was
still here working in an auto repair shop on the edge of town, watching the news every night with rapt
attention as gunfire rained down on American soldiers halfway across the world.
My girlfriend, Marka, was glad that I stayed, but she had no idea the inner turmoil that I was
experiencing as the war waged on. As dangerous as it was, I wanted to do my part in protecting our
country, I wanted to earn my place as an American citizen. I wanted to go to war.
Of course, Marka wasn't having any of it, completely dismissing my dissatisfied grumblings at
home as a passing phase. Four years later and the yearning to go to war was still there.
But that all changed one night, when I came home from the auto shop early and found the door to
our shared apartment unlocked. I immediately knew that something strange was afoot, so I slipped
inside with out a word, my senses heightened.
The apartment was dark other than a dim light that filtered in from beneath the door of our
bedroom. I stepped closer to the door and almost immediately my suspicions were confirmed by the
sound of my girlfriend and another man moaning together, our bed squeaking below them.
Prone to rage filled outbursts, there is a part of me that wanted to kick the door in right then and
there and proceed to beat the living hell out of this man in my own home. Somehow, though, I
remained calm in the face of the storm. My blood boiling, I immediately turned around and left the
apartment, got into my car and headed to the nearest military recruitment office. I slept there all night,
parked out front until a well-meaning recruiter found me in the morning while opened up and brought
me inside.
In some ways, I guess I owe a lot to my girlfriend for cheating on me that night. After all, it's
how I found myself on the way to the worlds most elite flight facility.
But now I'm getting ahead of myself.
Back then at the recruitment office, I had no idea the skills that I possessed within the depths of
my own mind. When asked to fill out the surveys placed before me, my answers were all incredibly
bland, average in almost every regard. Of course, the military needed as many people as they could
get and there was no way I'd be turned away, but at the start it appeared I would be placed in a
standard infantry position and shipped over with a gun in my hand; an important job, but a simple one.
That is, of course, until they gave me the flight simulator.
After filling out my paperwork I was taken to a room in the back of the recruitment center, then
placed before an ancient looking computer monitor with a joystick and a keyboard. With very little
instructions, a flight simulator began and I was tasked with destroying the pixelated enemy crafts that
were heading my way.
At first the game just seemed incredibly easy, but the longer it went on the more I began to
realize that I was actually just incredibly good at it. When the recruiter came back in to check on me
he stopped dead in his tracks, confused at first and then convinced I was cheating. He even asked me
to restart the game so he could watch the whole time, which I did without hesitation because, after a
night of catching Marka with another man, it was actually kind of nice to ease my thoughts with a little
mindless fun.
After watching me play this second round, the recruiter immediately left the room to make a
phone call and then next thing I knew I was on a plane headed straight for the coast of Florida.
Because of my skills on the simulator, I was being recruited to join an elite squad of fighter
pilots known as the Horned Hellfire, a group of ten of so trained killers who are the best and the
brightest in the nation. It was an honor.
Still, I was nervous, not just because I had never flown in an actual plane before, but because
there was a very specific difference between me and these other pilots; I'm a human and they are
unicorns.
In fact, I soon discovered on my way over to the flight facility that I was the only non-unicorn
ever accepted into the squad.
Now it's time for my arrival at the base and I'm nervous as hell.
Our private flight has landed on the tarmac and the door has opened. I step out into the blinding
Florida sun, my face obscured by my massive sunglasses, and I take in my surroundings. The facility
is just like you would expect, a massive hanger with ten of the US government's finest flying
machines, beautiful silver jets that look like sharks of the sky. Every inch of them is loaded up with
an arsenal of devastating weaponry.
I carefully make my way down the stairs and I am greeted at the bottom by a very stern looking
unicorn in full uniform.
"Hi there, it's nice to meet you." I say to the unicorn pilot, holding out my hand towards him.
The unicorn looks at me and then down and my hand, uninterested in shaking it. "Alright, let's
get one thing straight right now." The unicorn says. "My name is Regal Briggs and I am not your
friend, I never will be your friend."
I knew that they squad would have a hard time accepting me, but I was not at all prepared for
this kind of aggression.
"I'm sorry." I stammer. "I didn't realize that it was a problem for me to be here."
"You're god damn right it's a problem." Retorts Briggs. "This is a unicorn squad, that's why
we're the best that there is. Do you realize what is going to happen once we have a human in our
ranks?"
"What is going to happen?" I ask, a little shocked but genuinely curious to find out where all of
this anger was coming from.
"Someone is gonna get killed." Briggs tells me, his pearly horn shimmering under the hot sun.
"No human could ever fly as well as we fly because unicorns are fucking magic, do you understand?"
I just stare at Briggs blankly, unsure if the question was meant to be rhetorical.
"I said, do you under-fucking-stand?" The unicorn yells in my face.
I nod. "Yes."
Briggs seems to calm down a bit now, having asserted his dominance. He takes a deep breath,
settling his emotions into a light simmer once more. "Okay then." The unicorn says. "I don't like
you, but you're here now and you're part of the squad. Just stay the fuck out of my way."
The unicorn turned and walks away, leaving me to find my sleeping quarters alone.
Wandering through the base with my duffle bag of clothing, I find myself considering if this had
actually been a good idea. I'm completely out of my element, confused, scared and alone. All that I
have at this point is my drive to help America in any way that I can.
Soon, I find myself wandering down several hallways that crisscross through the facility. The
entire base seems to be strangely empty, and it's not until I round the nearest corner that I begin to
hear the shouting voices of more unicorns. I make my way quietly towards the sounds, which consist
of playful, joking conversation, until finally I am right outside of a closed door from which their
jovial tones emerge.
I push the door open slowly, and step inside.
Suddenly, I'm met with a strange humidity in the air, immediately finding myself in a dimly lit
shower room that echoes loudly from all around. The unicorns have not spotted me yet, but there they
are in all of their muscular glory.
The showers of this facility make up one large open room, and the beasts stand beneath the
falling water as they talk to one another, completely naked.
The first thing that I notice is how absolutely enormous the rods of these majestic creatures are,
hanging down from their toned bodies like massive fifth limbs. I try not to stare but I'm unable to
keep my eyes from returning over and over again to their thick rods.
A strange attraction washes over me. Never before had I desired another man, or anything with
a cock for that matter, but these unicorns have a charisma that is hard to ignore. They are beautiful
from head to toe, and even as a completely straight man, I find myself more that a little intrigued by
their physique.
"You gonna stare all day?" One of the unicorn pilots suddenly asks, breaking my concentration.
My eyes have been firmly transfixed on his dick, so I immediately look up at him in startled
embarrassment. "I'm sorry!" I say. "I was just looking for my quarters."
"Well this ain't them." The unicorn tells me gruffly.
I look around and find that all the other pilots are starting at me with their large, unicorn eyes;
unmoving as they watch me squirm with discomfort.
"You know there's never been a human on the squad here." Says one of the unicorns.
"I heard." I tell him. "But listen guys, I'm really not trying to fuck anything up for you. I just
came here to fight for my country, that's it."
The naked unicorns exchange glances with one another. Finally, one of them speaks. "You seem
like a good dude, so I'll be straight with you; respect is not just something that you get for being here.
Respect is something that you earn."
"Understood." I say, nodding.
Suddenly, a siren begins to sound and a red flashing light overwhelms the entire shower room.
The unicorns immediately spring into action, turning off the water and galloping out towards their
aircrafts. I have no idea what is going on but follow their lead, heading out into the hanger.
Each of the unicorns seems to have there own specified fighter jet, which they quickly climb
into. One of the pilots throws me a helmet.
"Here, put this on. Your jet is over there." He says, pointing with a strong hoof.
I glance over and spot one of the unclaimed vehicles with an open cockpit.
"But I've never flown before!" I tell the unicorn pilot.
The unicorn ignores me and gallops over to his jet as an announcement begins to play over the
loudspeaker. "Squadron of T-Rex fighter jets heading towards the coast, looks like they are
protecting a bomber," the loudspeakers reports, echoing throughout the hanger, "we need to get to that
bomber pilot and take her down."
"Her?" I say aloud, slipping on my helmet and climbing into the cockpit of my plane. "How do
they know it's a her?"
There is a crackle of static in my helmet and suddenly the familiar voice of Briggs the angry
unicorn can be heard loud and clear. "We have intelligence on this run, rookie." Briggs tells me.
"This is a secret agent who's been living in the states for years under a false identity."
"Why aren't they attacking from the European side?" I ask. "If she's been hiding out in the
states shouldn't she be coming from inland?"
"Yesterday we tracked movement from her hideout in Akron, Ohio back to Europe. She
delivered some sensitive information and now is heading our way on the bomber run."
"Did you say Akron, Ohio?" I suddenly ask, my heart skipping a beat.
"Yeah, she was under cover there." Briggs explains. "But took a lot of heat when she started
cheating on her boyfriend with another secret agent. Sounds like the guy found out and they had to
call her back."
It suddenly feels as though my entire world is falling out from under me. How could I have
been so stupid? How could I have not realized that my ex-girlfriend had been an elite T-rex spy this
entire time?
"Everything okay over there?" Another unicorn asks me through my headset.
I shake off the cobwebs from my mind and try to focus. "Yeah, sorry. I'm on it. Let's roll!"
The next thing I know, our squadron is soaring high above the earth in our powerful fighter jets,
shooting towards the incoming T-rex unit over the Atlantic Ocean. It's not long before we find them
and immediately form a dogfight formation.
"Peanut Butter! Sparkles! You two hit them with covering fire!" Shouts Briggs over our
headsets. "Black Stallion you cover the rear! The rest of you take the guard planes while me and the
new guy go straight for the bomber."
"My name is Nick." I tell them. "But you can call me… Clover."
The next thing I know, bullets are flying everywhere. I duck a weave through the crossfire,
dodging the hot lead left and right as me and Briggs make our way through the chaos and try to get a
clear shot at the bomber.
We make one pass but the guard planes are ready for us, cutting us off and forcing us to pull up
over the top of the fray. As Briggs and I maneuver upwards I catch a glimpse of the bomber pilot and
sure enough, it's my ex-girlfriend, Marka, in all of her T-rex glory.
"There she is." I say softly into my headset.
"What was that?" Briggs asks.
"Oh nothing." I tell him, flipping over in the air and then heading back towards the target.
"Let's just say that this one's personal."
Seconds later, I find the shot and unleash a hail of gunfire upon the bomber, which immediately
rips into pieces and explodes in the air, sending a shockwave through the surrounding planes. The
bomb itself plummets down towards the Atlantic Ocean where it explodes on impact, harming no one.
Over my headset, the entire squad of unicorns cheers in unison while the remaining T-rex
fighters turn and start to high tail it the other direction.
"Nice shooting, Clover!" Someone offers.
"Guess it's not so bad having you around." Briggs says. "Now lets get back to base and
shower off togeather."
The second that we get back to the shower room, the unicorns are all over me, unable to control
their lust for the new rookie hero. The cover me with kisses from every direction, our naked bodies
moving through the steam of the shower room that swirls around us.
I've never felt a love like this before, the kind that transcends above any typical
companionship. This is about a group coming together and banishing their opponent like real men, or
unicorns in this case. This is a love that's based on teamwork and camaraderie.
"I finally feel like I belong." I tell the majestic pilot beasts.
Suddenly Briggs pushes through the group, kissing me deeply on the mouth. "You do belong,
Nick… or should I say, Clover."
Suddenly, I am completely overwhelmed with gay lust. Immediately I drop down into a squat
between them.
"Alright, let's fucking do this." I say, confidently.
The unicorn gang surrounds me, vying for position as they push their huge cocks towards my
face. I take them into my hands and begin to pump in tandem with my manly grip.
"Do you like that?" I ask, making my way around the circle and pleasuring the monsters two by
two.
The unicorn's clop around on the shower tiles loudly, careful not to step on me as they maneuver
their dicks into my hands.
Eventually, my sexual appetite gets the best of me and I can't help but take one of them into my
watering mouth. I bob up and down a few times and pull his shaft out and lick him from balls to tip,
his massive cock glistening in the warm steam. The pilot lets out a soft moan as I gather myself and
then swallow him deep, pushing down until I hit the limits of my gag reflex and I'm forced to come
back up for air.
"Come on you filthy little human twink." The unicorn coaxes. "You've got this."
I gather myself and try again, eyes watering as I let the beast's lengthy dick plunge deeper and
deeper until my lips hit his toned abs. I stay there and hold, letting the unicorn fully appreciate the
incredible majesty of my deep-throating abilities. I stick my tongue out as far as I can so that it
appears just at the edge of my lips, tickling his hanging balls, and then come up retching as I search
frantically for the next cock to service.
My squadron is happy to oblige, taking my head in their hooves and passing me around the
circle, using me like some gorgeous gay sex toy. They ram me ferociously with their huge dicks, all
the while making my dick harder and harder until finally I just can't take it anymore. I crawl over to
the edge of a large washbasin, about waist height, and sit on it with my legs spread.
The unicorns follow as I lean back, showing off the goods while I reach down and hold my gay
asshole open for the horny pilots, my legs spread wide and my cock shooting up like a rock hard
rocket.
"Do you like what you see?" I ask. "When is the last time any of you plowed the fuck out of a
gay human asshole?"
"Never." Says Briggs. "It was too taboo back where I come from, but I've always wanted to
try it."
"Now is your chance." I say with a smile. "Shove it in there!"
The pilots answer back in a series of rowdy hoots and hollers, gathering around as Briggs takes
the initiative and saddles up in front of me. He positions his mammoth dick at the entrance of my tight
ass and then pushes forward, filling me completely with his incredible size. I let out a long, pleasant
moan as he begins to pump in and out, slowly at first and then gaining speed until he's ramming me
with all of his magical unicorn force. My body shakes with every thrust, unequipped to handle all of
the power dished out by this wild pilot beast.
"Fuck me!" I start to scream, lost in a haze of blinding pleasure. "Fuck the hell of my tight gay
asshole!"
I barely get out the final word when one of the creatures suddenly grabs me by the head with his
hooves and shoves his huge dick down my throat, choking me and instantly turning my words into a
strangled gargle of sexual grunts. He slams into me with similar force to Briggs in my butt, face-
fucking my mouth with complete abandon.
Now taken from each end, I can feel the sexual desires inside of me hit a boiling point. I can't
help but reach down and start to frantically play with my cock, edging closer and closer to orgasm
while the unicorn pilots have their way with me in the rising mist. The squad seems to be on the same
sexual timeline, pumping faster and faster as a crazed look begins to blossom somewhere deep behind
their huge soulful eyes.
I'm almost there when suddenly Briggs pulls out abruptly and grabs me by the waist, pulling me
down towards him as he leans back onto the shower floor. I climb off of the washbasin as the pilot
lays down flat on his back, his huge cock protruding straight up from his muscular body. He beckons
me to come towards him, then pulls me on top.
I straddle the magical beast, popping my ass out as I lower it down and let him slide his
member up inside of me. It sends a sensual chill down my spine. Briggs begins to rock, and I push
back against him in elegant swoops as we find our rhythm together. He places his hooves on my
toned, muscular hips, pumping me up and down and using his monstrous strength to better impale me
onto his thick, aching rod. I'm loving every second of it.
One of the unicorns suddenly clops up behind me behind me in the dim light of the showers, then
positions himself at the already occupied entrance of my ass. I look back over my shoulder at the
beast in a state of confusion and surprise, not quite comprehending his plan until it's all too late. The
next thing I know, I can feel the unicorn's huge cock pressed hard against the tight rim of my stuffed
asshole.
"Two at once?" I ask in astonishment. "Really?"
"We work as a team." Says the unicorn. "That's the most important lesson of all."
The unicorn behind me pushers harder, then harder still until finally the stubborn muscles around
my sphincter open up and allow the beast's giant member to slide in next to the other cock. I let out a
desperate moan, reeling from the incredible sensation of being brutally double penetrated in the ass.
The fighter pilots waste no time, thrusting in and out of me together as they stretch my body to the
limit.
I'm lost in a sea of pain and pleasure. As the unicorns pound my hole I find myself compelled
to reach back with both hands, balancing myself as I grab my ass cheeks and spread them open as far
as possible for maximum penetration.
Of course, they take full advantage and have no issues with going harder and faster until
eventually I find myself getting utterly slammed in my tightness. One of the unicorns inside of my ass
suddenly pulls out and steps away, allowing another one to take a turn inside of me.
This pilot is equally large and ferocious, violently pummeling my asshole with every inch of his
massive, unicorn cock. He pounds away at my ass for a while and then passes me off again, and then
again and again until the whole squad has had a chance to double fuck my large frame in the swirling
shower steam.
The last one is particularly good, slamming me just as hard as the others but somehow finding a
way to hit me just right from the inside. The tension inside of my body starts to build as he does this,
growing larger and spreading across me in a strange warm wave of prostate orgasm.
I reach down and start to frantically beat my cock, helping myself along as the impending
orgasm draws closer until finally it's just too much to take and I explode from within. My body is
shaking and convulsing, just barely able to tolerate the blissful quakes that rock me from the inside
out. My jizz splatters everywhere.
I open my mouth to scream but, the second that I do, one of the unicorns takes my head in his
hooves and shoves his cock brutally down my throat. Somehow, though, his roughness just makes me
even hornier, and my orgasm slowly pushes further and further towards a permanent trip that I may
never come back from. I somehow manage to swallow him completely, despite the passionate
ejections of semen that consume my body and send lighting bolts of pleasure flying through my brain
in every direction. This is the best sex of my life.
I pull him out just long enough to command the fighter pilots to cum all over me.
Briggs goes first, slamming me faster and faster until suddenly he pushes deep into my tightness
and unleashes a thick, warm flow of semen up my butt. I can feel it spurt into me, filling my ass with
pumps of white liquid until there's no room left and it comes running out down the side of my legs.
The other unicorn within my ass finishes in similar fashion, picking up his pace for a brief moment
before letting out an ecstatic cry and releasing his cum up into my messy hole. His load is massive,
as well, and soon enough it comes spilling out of the tight corners of my ass.
"Cover me in your jizz!" I yell, pulling the cock out of my mouth and rolling over onto the wet
shower floor. "Use me like a gay human cum target! Blow your unicorn loads all over me!"
I lay flat, looking up at the four mythical creatures that are left who stand around me with hungry
eyes as they beat off furiously.
"Incoming!" One of the unicorn pilots jokes.
They explode one by one, blasting me with thick ropes of cum that splatter down onto my body
and face. One of their loads lands directly across my mouth and I laugh, painted with a smile of
white. The creatures continue until I am completely glazed by their warm spunk and then finally, at
long last, they start to clop away.
I am completely drained and exhausted, but more satisfied than I've ever felt in my life.
Briggs trots over and offers a hoof to help me up, which I take gladly.
"Thanks." I tell him.
"Don't mention it." Briggs says with a smile. "Hey, I was thinking… why don't you shower off
and then I can give you are ride around the base, show you where everything is?"
"You would do that?" I ask, basking in the glow of our newfound friendship.
"I'd love to." Briggs says. "Welcome to the squad."