I'll admit that the words "adult summer camp" are laughable on the surface. After all, there is a
reason we eventually grow up and stop traipsing around in the woods, doing crafts and pitching tents.
That reason is real world responsibility. It might be fun to spend a weekend telling ghost
stories around a roaring campfire, but it's not the easiest thing to fit into one's adult schedule.
Some things, however, are worth the vacation days.
I first hear about Bigfoot Butt Camp from my friend, Jeff, who would also be attending his first
year out in the woods with me.
"Dude, they have a giant trampoline, and a zip line. If you don't come you're gonna regret it."
My coworker says.
I laugh to myself as I take in Jeff's excitement from across the table. We're in a diner next door
to the office, taking our lunch break over a shared BLT and a plate of fries. "I don't know, man." I
tell him. "I'm gonna pull my back out on that thing or something, I'm too old now."
"You're twenty five." Jeff informs me, rolling his eyes. "We're still very young, you know."
"But not summer camp young." I counter.
"That's the point!" Jeff says. "Why should they have all of the fun? Look at us working day in,
day out at the office; slaving away for rent, a car payment, a new fucking suit. How great would it be
if all we had to worry about for a week was whether or not we'd earn our fishing merit badge?"
"They have badges?" I question.
"They have everything." Jeff tells me.
I think about this for a moment, considering whether a weekend off in the woods with my friend
sounds better than the trip I had already planned to Mexico. I shrug; the beach can wait.
"Alright, I'll go." I tell him. "But to be honest, I just want to hang out with some bigfeet."
Even though the bigfeet have been mostly integrated into our culture at this point, seeing them in
the flesh is still something of a rarity. I can't imagine what it would be like to spend a whole week
with the majestic creatures up close, instead of just a few limited interactions on my way too and
from work.
"Have you ever hung out with a bigfoot?" Asks Jeff.
"Not really." I tell him. "I had a meeting with one from the New York division the other day but
the rest of his team did most of the talking. There's one living a few doors down at my apartment
building too, but I rarely see him."
"You know they say Senator Yuldok is going to run for president this year." Jeff informs me.
"Can you imagine that? A bigfoot as president."
I take a long sip from my drink. The whole idea really does sound too crazy to be true, but it's a
brand new world that we live in.
"Yeah, it's nuts." I finally tell him.
Bigfoot Butt Camp is located deep in the Oregon wilderness, far removed from the hustle and bustle
city life that I've grown accustomed to. It's actually a little intimidating to be out here in a place that
still seems to belong to these once mythical creatures, instead of spotting one riding the bus or
shopping for groceries. There is something about the confines of an urban setting that has robbed
these modern bigfeet of their sublime, natural beauty.
Jeff and I pull my SUV up to a large wooden gate that restricts access to the remainder of the
desolate dirt road. There is a massive sign hanging above us that has been constructed from lashed
branches, spelling out the words Bigfoot Butt Camp in jagged wood. Below, and just off the side of
the road, is a tall hut from which a bigfoot slowly emerges. The beast walks over to our car as I roll
down the driver's side window.
"Welcome to camp, boys!" The bigfoot says with a wide smile. He reaches out his utterly
humungous hand and we shake. "Just go ahead and drive down to your left. Head towards the lake,
there's gonna be parking right there. We've got a bonfire going already so just find a seat and the
opening ceremony will start in about twenty minutes."
I nod. "Thanks."
The bigfoot heads back into his hut and seconds later the gate is swinging open to allow us
entry.
I turn to Jeff. "Okay, fine. This is fucking awesome."
Jeff laughs.
We travel a short distance along the rest of the dirt road until the thick forest opens up into a
beautiful view of Abs Lake, which stretches out before us in all of its picturesque glory.
I park the car and step out into the fresh air, taking a deep breath as I close my eyes and lean my
head back. The afternoon sun is pleasant against my skin, and it suddenly hits me just how rarely I
find myself out from under the shadow of a tall building while back in the big city.
"You gonna just stand there are day, Ken?" Jeff asks me with a laugh.
I open my eyes. "You were right, I did need to get out of town." I tell him.
Jeff grabs my bag from the trunk of the SUV and hands it to me, then throws his own over his
shoulder. My friend gives me a solid pat on the back, "I know." He says with a smile.
Without much time before the introductory bonfire, Jeff and I forgo setting up in our designated
tent spot and, instead, head directly towards the opening ceremony to grab a seat. The walk is not far.
Soon enough, we find ourselves in a large clearing the overlooks Lake Abs in all of its smooth,
reflective glory. There is a raging fire out front while a set of elevated benches make their way
around the outer rim, already packed with excited men just who are buzzing with anticipation for the
weekend.
Jeff and me find a seat near the back. Seconds later, a large bigfoot in shorts and an official
looking button up comes walking out from the forest and stands before the bonfire. His presence
settles the crowd almost immediately, and soon enough the entire ritual becomes dead silent, save for
the crackles and pops that emit from the large fire pit.
"Who's ready for a good time?" The handsome bigfoot counselor asks in his loud, booming
voice.
Our crowd of young professionals bursts into a raucous applause.
"That's what I like to hear!" Continues the counselor. "How many of you work in an office?"
A majority of the crowd raises their hands.
The bigfoot nods. "Well, this is our office." He says confidently, swinging an arm out behind
him. "And for the next week, it's your office, too. We want you to forget about the stress of the
outside world and live in the moment while you're here at Bigfoot Butt Camp. "
A handful of other bigfeet suddenly emerge from the surrounding wilderness and stand before
us, all clad in the same uniform. They are a shockingly handsome bunch, and although I've never
been sexually attracted to another man before, their impeccable sasquatch features are hard to deny.
"My name is Rim Barkoon." Announces our speaker. "Over the next week you'll get to know
me quite well, along with all of the other counselors. If you see anyone in this uniform then we are
here to help you."
Jeff leans over to me and speaks in a hushed tone. "Dude, is it just me or is Rim kinda… hot?"
I shake my head in amazement. "I was thinking the same thing. I mean, they're all pretty hot."
"Does that make us gay?" Jeff jokes.
I laugh. "I don't think so, man."
Rim Barkoon steps out in front of his fellow counselors now, his voice immediately taking on a
more serious tone. "Now, we are going to have a lot of fun this weekend, I promise you that, but we
have something a little serious to address here right off of the bat."
Rim scans the crowd with his eyes, making sure that every single one of us is giving our full
attention to the message he's about to deliver.
"We plan these camps the best that we can, but every once in a while they end up on the evening
of a full moon. That's our bad." Rim admits, putting a hand up. "I could give you some kind of
excuse about the moon colonization throwing things off, but we should have known better. You've
already paid for a full week so we will be cutting one day off your total bill, but all of tonight's
activities have been canceled."
Concerned chatter suddenly erupts through our crowd.
"I know, I know." Says Rim. "But this is very important for everyone's safety. All of the
councilors here have a very specific medical condition that will only be an issue tonight during the
full moon. During that time, we need every one of you to say in your tents? Is that understood?"
Jeff suddenly raises his hand. I glance over at him, utterly mortified as I try to get him to pull it
down. Before I can, however, the handsome, muscular bigfoot has spotted him.
"Yes, you there." Says Rim.
Jeff stands up. "Hi, I was just wondering if you could tell us what this medical condition is? Is
it dangerous? Can humans catch it?"
Rim exchanges glances with the rest of the mythical creatures before us. Finally, his gaze
returns to Jeff. "I understand your concern, I really do, which is why we are offering free refunds to
anyone who wants to leave now. To answer your question; No, humans can't catch this, but there are
other issues to be concerned about. Regardless, if you stay in your tent you will absolutely not be
harmed. That's a guarantee."
Jeff seems satisfied with this answer and sits back down.
"What's the medical condition?" Someone else shouts from the crowd. "Just tell us."
"Unfortunately, I can't tell you exactly what this medical condition is, thanks to the Bigfoot
Human Integration Act of two thousand and sixteen." Explains Rim. "If anyone would like to receive
their refund, they can leave now. We have an assistant counselor waiting in the parking lot who can
help you with that."
A handful of campers stand up and make their way down from the wooden benches, heading
back towards the lot.
Jeff leans in towards me. Are you scared?"
His words enter my ears but somehow get lost before reaching my brain. Instead, my focus is
utterly singular, my eyes gazing upon the gorgeous visage of Rim Barkoon. The bigfoot is unlike
anyone I have every laid eyes on, and the longer that I stare, the more deeply in love I fall with this
majestic creature of the forest. He is the perfect combination of down home good looks and a bad
boy, bigfoot attitude. I'm hooked, and I'm definitely not going anywhere.
"Are you scared?" Jeff repeats. "Ken?"
I finally shake my head. "Nah man, I'm excited for the week. Who cares about one night stuck
in our tent?"
Jeff shrugs, nodding in agreement. "What's the worst that could happen?"
There is a rumor going around camp at the bigfeet are all vampires, and that when the full moon
rises they will immediately turn into bloodthirsty bats.
"Ridiculous." I tell Jeff, who sits in the tent across from me as we play Go Fish by the light of
our small, battery-powered lantern. "Vampires don't come out on a full moon."
"Yes, they do!" Jeff assures me.
I shake my head. "Don't you mean mummies?"
Jeff looks up from his cards, deathly serious. "Are you fucking with me?"
"Yes." I tell him. "Everyone knows that mummies aren't real. They probably just have some
kind of bigfoot disease that we humans don't know about."
Suddenly, a long, drawn-out moan cuts through the forest around us. Jeff and I freeze, staring
directly into each other's fearful expressions as our ears strain against the following silence.
"Did you hear that?" Jeff finally asks.
I nod.
"Didn't that sound like a mummy to you?" My friend continues, his voice trembling.
"There's no such thing as mummies." I whisper to Jeff. "It's just some kind of animal or
something."
"What kind of animal makes a sound like that?" Jeff counters.
We sit in silence for a moment until finally my friend begins to crawl over to the front flap of the
tent.
"What are you doing?" I ask, shocked.
"I'm gonna go check it out." Jeff tells me.
"Are you kidding me?" I respond, unable to process his assertion. "Did you not hear the
rules? We need to stay here in our tents all night, no exceptions."
Jeff rolls his eyes. "Come on buddy, live a little. Don't you want to figure out what's going
on?"
"Let's just finish the card game, okay?" I beg, my fear getting the best of me.
My friend cracks a mocking smile. "I'll be right back."
The next thing that I know, Jeff has unzipped the flap and slipped out into the darkness. I can
hear his footsteps crunching off into the distance as he steps farther and farther away from the tent,
eventually disappearing completely.
I listen hard for any signs of life. Nothing. The only sounds are resonating internally as my
heart pounds hard within my chest.
"Jeff?" I finally ask, already knowing that he's much to far away to hear me or answer back.
I am all alone.
I sit frozen like this for much longer than I realize, my thoughts swimming with every different
possibility of what could have happened to my friend. With every minute that passes by I grow more
and more anxious until finally I'm a trembling ball of nerves, desperate for any kind of answer that I
can find in this utterly harrowing situation.
I crawl to the edge of the tent and slowly unzip the flap, popping my head out and staring
through the dimly lit trees. The only light is that from the moon above, casting the surroundings in a
strange and eerie glow.
"Jeff!" I hiss. "Stop fucking around!"
As expected, I get nothing in response.
Finally, I've had enough. I unzip the tent completely and then climb out into the night, slowly
letting my eyes adjust to the darkness.
"Jeff!" I call out again, a little louder now. I take one step forward, and then another, and
another, until eventually I've left the tent far behind me.
After walking a ways I eventually come to a dirt path that winds up through the forest. I follow
it quietly and carefully, my senses on full alert as the branches that crisscross above me sway in the
wind.
Suddenly, another long groan slices through the night. I freeze, peering down the path towards
where the sound originated. I can just barely make out a large figure standing before me, some twenty
feet away.
"Jeff?" I ask.
The figure groans again and begins shambling forward.
"Jeff, knock it off. You know we're not supposed to be out here." I tell him, my voice
trembling.
As soon as the figure is close enough to see I gasp aloud, my body freezing in fear. There
before me is the handsome head councilor, Rim Barkoon, only he's not the same bigfoot that I first
laid eyes on just hours earlier. Instead, the once fresh-faced mythical creature has warped into
something strange and undead, a mummy bigfoot wrapped in hanging bandages that staggers through
the shining moonlight.
My first instinct is to turn and run, yet something holds me in place. I watch as the creature
steps closer and closer until he is right up next to me, which is where I suddenly realize that my
trembling has not been out of fear, but arousal.
"You're so fucking sexy." I finally say to Rim.
The bigfoot mummy stops and eyes me hungrily from just a few feet away, his cock growing
longer and harder with every passing second. His rod juts out from his body like a massive, third
appendage, its sheer size utterly intimidating.
"Suck me." Rim moans.
"But I'm… But I'm…" I stammer, my mind struggling to find an excuse that would allow me to
do what my heart so desperately craves. "But I'm straight!"
The mummy cracks a knowing grin and then places a bandaged hand onto my shoulder. "Are
you sure about that?"
I consider his words for a moment as my heart skips into double time, my mind reeling from the
implications of what stands before me. If I go through with this, there is no turning back.
I take a deep breath.
Slowly, I drop down onto my knees and take Rim's massive shaft into my tight grip, pumping my
hand slowly across the length of his hard rod.
The mummy lets out a powerful sigh, his eyes closed as he tilts his head back and savors the
sensation of my firm hand job.
"Do you like that?" I coo seductively.
The bigfoot mummy moans loudly in affirmation.
"Then how about this?" I ask. Seconds later, I open my mouth wide and take the creature's
shaft within my lips, then begin to pump my head up and down across his length in slow deliberate
moments. I find a good pace and eventually begin to speed up, cradling the bigfoot's balls with one
hand while I service him orally.
Rim places his hands against the back of my head and guides me along, faster and faster until he
is fucking my face with everything that he's got, using me as a filthy human sex toy.
Eventually, I push down as far as I can and hold, taking the bigfoot's incredible rod all the way
into my throat where it comes to rest in my depths, completely consumed. I look up at my handsome
bigfoot lover, my eyes watering, and give him a playful wink.
When I've finally run out of air I pull back and gasp, releasing Rim's rod and wiping a long
stand of saliva from my lips. I stand up and kiss the bigfoot mummy on the mouth, hard, running my
hands along his ripped body before leading the beast off of the path towards a nearby stump.
I remove my shirt and toss it off into the forest, then my pants and underwear comes next until I
am completely naked, save for my hiking boots. I bend over the remains of this fallen tree and look
back at Rim.
"How about you pound this tight gay ass for a while you ripped mummy stud." I say,
relentlessly horny for the monster's undead cock.
Rim wastes no time at all, saddling up behind me and aligning his cock with the taut edge of my
puckered backdoor. He slaps my ass hard with his massive, hairy hands and then grabs me by the
hips, pushing forward into my tightness.
I cry out in a mixture of pain and pleasure, not entirely ready for his enormous size as my body
struggles to accommodate his dick. I am stretched to my limits.
Rim begins to pump in and out of my rectum; my entire body reacting to every aching thrust from
the strange beast. A shudder runs down the length of my spine and my eyes roll back into my head as I
brace myself for his pounds.
"Oh fuck, that cock is so fucking huge!" I tell my handsome monster lover. "I don't know if I
can take it!"
"You can take it." Rim assures me confidently.
Eventually, the pace of the bigfoot mummy's pumps has increased into a merciless slam, but
with every thrust my asshole relaxes until, eventually, the pain disappears completely and I find
myself in a world of blissed out fullness. I reach down between my legs and grab ahold of my
hanging shaft, beating myself off to the rhythm of Rim's pounding.
"Oh my god, you're gonna make me blow much fucking load so hard." I hiss through clenched
teeth.
Rim smiles. "Not so fast."
The next thing I know the creature is spinning me around and taking me into his bandaged arms.
Rim lifts me up into the air and I wrap my muscular legs around him, still dwarfed my the massive
size of this undead creature.
Rim reaches down and maneuvers his cock into position, then eventually lowers me onto his
length, impaling my asshole with his huge rod.
"Oh shit!" I call out into the dark forest, still not entirely accustomed to the bigfoot's enormity.
"You're so tight." The bigfoot mummy moans.
I grab onto Rim's shoulders as he begins to raise and lower me, using the power of gravity to
slam me even harder than before. With every plunge downward an overload of sensation floods
through me, eliciting feelings I could have never before dreamed of back when I considered myself a
straight man.
Soon my bigfoot lover is hammering me with everything that he's got. My body is quaking with
spasms of an impending prostate orgasm, unable to contain all of this ecstasy within. I grab ahold of
my cock, stroking furiously over the length of my shaft as I tilt my head back and let out an incredible
howl, the sound drifting off into the fresh night air.
"I'm cumming!" I scream.
Immediately, a powerful wave of sensation hits me, pulsing though my body hard as a blast of
jizz erupts from the head of my cock. It splatters between Rim and I, covering our sweaty muscular
bodies with spunk.
Rim is following right behind me, and within seconds he has lifted me up off of his dick and
placed me onto the ground below him. I lay out in the ferns, looking up at the powerful creature as he
beats his rod above me.
"Do it!" I command. "Cover me in for bigfoot mummy seed! I need your jizz all over me!"
Rim does as he's told, letting out a powerful cry and then ejecting a massive payload of milky
white cum across my face and chest. It rains down onto me in a series of splatters that paint my skin
with pearly liquid.
"That's good." I coax. "That's real good."
When the bigfoot finally finishes, he stumbles back against a tree to catch his breath.
"That was amazing." I tell him in a cock drunk haze.
There is no response. I glance over to see that the creature has disappeared off into the forest
from which it came.
When I've finally collected my sense I stand up and gather my clothes, then make my way down
to the water of the lake. I take off my hiking boots on the shore and wade out into the cool and
refreshing water, floating along the surface as I stare up at the full moon that hangs in the sky
overhead.
When I return to my tent, Jeff is nowhere to be found.
The next morning I find that my friend is still missing and immediately start to panic. I throw
open the flap of my tent and climb out, looking around for any signs of his return while I slept.
"Jeff!" I call. "Jeff!"
A follow camper walks over and asks me if everything is all right.
"I don't know what happened to my friend." I tell him, unable to hide the desperation in my
voice. "He left last night and he hasn't come back."
The other camper shakes his head. "That's no good." The man says. "You better tell a
councilor."
Flooded with concern, I immediately head down the path towards the main cabin.
"Hey!" I call out as I arrive, grabbing the attention of the nearest bigfoot. "I think my friend is
missing."
The bigfoot counselor, immediately takes me inside the building, which has been outfitted as
some kind of woodsy, all-purpose office. The creature walks around his desk and sits down in front
of a computer, while I find a seat on the other side.
"Alright, what is your friend's name, and when was the last time you saw him?" The councilor
asks.
"His name is Jeff…" I start, trailing off. "Jeff… something."
The bigfoot glances at me skeptically. "You don't know your friends last name?"
I nod. The fact that I don't know Jeff's last name strikes me as odd, as well, but I suppose it's
just something I'd just never really considered until now.
"And when was the last time you saw him?" The bigfoot continues. "Typing a few things into
his computer."
"Last night." I explain. "We were in our tent and he heard a noise. He went out to see what it
was and he never came back."
The bigfoot counselor stares at me with a grave concern. "You know that you weren't supposed
to leave your tent during the full moon."
"I know." I tell him. "I tried to stop him." Of course, I neglect to mention that I, too, followed
Jeff out into the forest.
The bigfoot types a few more things into his computer and then slaps the spacebar. He stares at
the screen for a moment before turning back to me. "Is this some kind of joke?" The bigfoot asks.
I shake my head. "No, why?"
"There is no record of any Jeff checking in to camp." The bigfoot councilor informs me. "And
if I recall, you arrived here alone."
I'm utterly confused. "No, I came here with my friend Jeff."
The bigfoot lets out a long sigh and then finally turns away from me and opens up a large
cabinet. "Let's just consult the All Seeing Eye, shall we?"
Moments later, the bigfoot pulls out a small, glass box from the cabinet and places it onto the
desk between us. Within the square box is what appears to be a human eye, which floats around in a
translucent liquid.
Suddenly, the eye swivels around to look directly at me. I jump. "Whoa! What is that?"
"I just told you." The bigfoot replies. "The All Seeing Eye. It knows everything."
"That's incredible." I exclaim. "Why do you keep it in the cabinet?"
The bigfoot gives me an irritated look and ignores my question. "All Seeing Eye." He asks.
"Why does my friend here think that Jeff checked into camp with him?"
The eye is silent for a moment, and then suddenly a strange voice erupts through my
subconscious mind via telepathic speech. "Jeff is a manifestation of your latent gayness." The eye
informs me. "He does not exist in reality."
"What?" I ask, understanding the words but unable to accept the truth behind them.
"Jeff is a figment of your imagination, more specifically your repressed homosexuality. He
brought you here because you could not do it yourself, and now that you've turned gay there is no
longer any use for Jeff." The eye explains.
"I'm gay now?" I ask, shocked.
"Yes." The eye tells me. "Incredibly gay."
The bigfoot councilor smiles and lifts up the All Seeing Eye, placing it back into the filing
cabinet. "Anything else I can help you with?" He asks.
I shake my head and stand up. "No, I'm sorry to bother you."
"It's no worry." The counselor says, suddenly sympathetic to my situation. "This kind of
learning experience is exactly what Bigfoot Butt Camp is all about."