There's nothing easy about the wild American frontier, but that's why I love it. Back East, I had the
typical city life as a young man working his family trade as a taffy salesman, spinning away at my
taffy wheel and selling candy to the masses. As sweet as it was, however, taffy wasn't in my heart.
At least, not that kind of taffy.
Making candy is a skill that balances both artistic freedom and stone cold scientific precision,
and there's no question that I fall on the side of art. I love inventing new flavors, combining old
favorites to create and entirely new sugary experience for the mouth. Unfortunately, thanks to the
New York State Flavor Laws, almost none of my creations will ever be tasted outside of the back
room at our little shop.
The flavor laws had been in place for as long as any of us could remember, and we're created
in order to maintain the integrity of the great American flavors; chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry. At
first it seemed like a pretty good idea, but of course, the only thing unnecessary laws do is turn normal
citizens into criminals.
Eventually, the underground trade of candy flavors started to blossom into a full-scale criminal
empire. The mob got involved, and soon enough the candy black market was flooded with new and
interesting flavors. Grape, cookie dough, even banana taffy was suddenly easy to find with the right
price, and I was immediately hooked.
I started spinning some of the most advanced flavors you could imagine on the taffy wheel at our
shop; peanut butter and jelly, apple and caramel, you name it.
But when the police department started cracking down, it just became too dangerous to be a part
of the family business. With money quickly disappearing there was only one thing to do, open up a
second shop out west where we wouldn't be restricted by these oppressive flavor laws.
The next thing I knew, I was on a train headed straight for Colorado, which was the last stop on
the tracks for the time being. I would be part of settling a small mountain town that seemed to be a
promising spot, due to the gold rush and the fact that these train tracks would be running straight
through it. It was the perfect place to continue my experiments in taffy.
The town itself was basically just one long street, with a general store, a stable, a tavern and
now a taffy shop. Suffice to say, without much else for the townsfolk to do, business was booming.
It's Monday morning when I new train of settlers arrives in our small corner of the world.
Everyone in town is buzzing with excitement, wondering who it will be and what kind of life they'll
inject into the settlement.
I look out the window as the townsfolk gather around the train station, gawking at whomever it
is that will come stepping off of the train.
Moment's later, they get their wish as a handful of tall, well dressed bigfeet exit the steam
engine. Even as a straight man, the first thing I notice is just how devilishly handsome these large,
hairy creatures are, my breath literally catching in my throat as they greet the townspeople with warm
smiles. There are about seven or eight of them, all in black suits that are completed by ties and
bowler hats on top. Their fur varies, however, from jet black to snow white and every earth tone in
between.
As soon as they arrive, however, they're gone, heading up the hillside to do some business that I
can only imagine.
Moments later, one of the young men who was watching the bigfoot arrival comes into my taffy
shop and breaks my trance.
"Hello!" I say, abruptly. "Welcome!"
The young man looks to be around my age, twenty-two, and I've seen him in here are few times
before. He's got a sweet tooth, and great taste in taffy.
"Can I help you find anything?" I ask. "Fresh batch of butterscotch just off the wheel, if you're
interested."
The man shakes his head. "No thanks, you got anything fruity?"
A smile immediately crosses my face. "We've got every fruit you could think of, its all on that
shelf over there." I say, pointing across the shop.
The young man nods and walks over to the shelf that I directed him to.
"Hey, what's the story with all those bigfeet that just rolled into town?" I ask. "You know
anything about then?"
The young man looks over at me and shakes his head. "That's not my business. I don't know
nothing ‘bout that."
I smile. "You just watched them get off the train! Is that your business?"
"I suppose it ain't, but I'm not one to gossip behind other people's backs." Explains the young
man.
I don't press the issue any further, just watch as the small crowd continues to dissipate from the
train station until there is nothing left.
Eventually, I hear the young man let out a long sigh. "You don't have the fruit I was looking
for." He says. "Thanks anyway."
The man turns and heads towards the door but I stop him immediately. "Wait!" I shout,
genuinely concerned. "What do you mean I don't have the fruit you want? I have every fruit."
The young man shakes his head. "Not tomato."
A knowing grin creeps across my face as I leave my counter and walk over to the shelf that he's
standing in front of. I scan the jars of taffy briefly and then find the one I was looking for, pulling it
out and handing it to him. "Guess you missed this one."
He pulls out a handful of deep red tomato taffy. "Whoa, thank you! This is amazing."
"You're welcome." I tell him, then head back up to the front counter as he follows behind.
"What's your name?"
"Ricky." The young man tells me.
"Now Ricky, I know you don't like to spread gossip, but you know that you can trust a guy with
tomato taffy, right?" I prod. "How about this? You tell me everything that you know about the bigfeet
and I'll let you have a whole bag of tomato taffy for free."
"Free?" Ricky repeats, astonished.
"Free." I tell him.
The young man seem slightly uncomfortable but then finally nods in affirmation. I begin to pull
tomato taffy out of the jar and put it in his bag.
"Apparently they are land buyers." Says Ricky. "Real estate tycoons, they think this little town
of ours is about to blow up big time!"
"Oh yeah?" I ask. "Why is that?"
"Because people like to woods?" Ricky offers, shrugging.
I roll my eyes. "I don't know if I'd go that far."
"Maybe there's more gold in the mountain than we first thought." Ricky says as a second
suggestion.
This one makes more sense, and it also makes my heart skip a beat with excitement. It sounds
like I picked the right place to start up a taffy shop.
"I guess they are trying to make this place a little more tame, a little more easy to settle." Ricky
continues. "Well, that's what my friend said."
"How are they gonna do that?" I ask him, curiously.
"Buy up all the land and bring in some new laws." Ricky offers.
I freeze suddenly, my mind racing with all of the possibilities that this could entail.
"New laws?" I ask.
Ricky shrugs again and pops one of the deep red candies into his mouth, chewing happily.
"Yeah, you know, just clean the place up a bit? Property laws, gambling laws… flavor laws."
My eyes go wide.
"Did you hear anyway say flavor laws?" I ask, more aggressively than I intend to.
"I don't know." Ricky admits.
I suddenly reach out and grab him by the collar, losing control of myself. "What do you mean
you don't know? Did anyone mention flavor laws?"
"Hey!" Ricky says, pushing me away from him. "I don't know." He turns abruptly and heads
for the door of the shop in a huff, leaving without another word as I stand in silent shock.
The next morning I have a lot to think about during my morning walk. Before opening the store I
usually head out at the crack of dawn, taking one of the many paths that works its way up and down
the tree covered hillside. It's a nice way to get my mind focused on the day ahead, or to start cooking
up new flavor combinations in my head. Today, however, I'm completely consumed with something
else entirely.
I walk out to the cliff side, a beautiful bluff overlooking the valley below. It's an absolutely
majestic view, one unlike anything you'd ever find back east, and as I stand here by taking it all in. I
imagine what it will be like a decade from now, two decades. I imagine the buildings popping up
here and there, just a few at a time for the first little while as the railway expands farther and farther
towards the coast. Suddenly, though, the boom will hit, and the entire valley will become just another
city of lost souls looking to find something different; a new thought, a new flavor.
It sounds like I won't be able to provide it for them.
I turn around to begin my trek back into town when suddenly I stop dead, realizing that the gang
of bigfeet has stepped out of the forest behind me and are watching with an unsettling confidence.
They are all fierce and imposing, still dressed to the nines in their dark business suits.
"Can I help you?" I immediately ask, trying my best to keep my voice from trembling.
"Yes." Says one of the bigfeet, stepping forward and extending his hand. His fur is silver, and
it glistens in the morning light.
I reach out and give him a firm handshake.
"You're Mr. Greg Peacher, right?" The bigfoot asks.
I nod.
"I'm Tord Hulyork and these are my friends." The mythical beast explains. "We make up The
Hulyork Group."
"I've got a shop to open in a half hour." I tell the beast, impatiently. "What's up?"
The bigfeet exchange glances, seemingly amused by the way that this small town guy is standing
up to their big city ways.
"As I'm sure you've heard, me and my friends are planning on buying up a sizable amount of
land here." Explains Tord. "From the town, down to the edge of that valley behind you."
"Sounds like a lot of money getting passed around." I tell them. "This dirt must be worth quite a
bit."
"It's not so much the dirt itself." Explains the bigfoot businessman. "More like what rests on
top of it. The resources."
"Gold?" I ask.
Tord laughs. "Not bad, not bad. You are correct, the gold in these hills holds a lot of value, but
that's not all we're looking to settle."
"What else?" I ask, genuinely confused.
Tord takes a deep breath. "Your ass."
"What?" I ask, convinced that I haven't quite heard him correctly.
"Inside your butthole." The bigfoot clarifies.
I stand in utter silence, my gaze drifting from one creature to the next. "What?" I ask again.
"Listen, Greg, I know that it might be a lot for you to take in, but our company has done many
studies on the value of one's butthole. You could say that we're leaders in the field." Explains Tord.
"I know a valuable asshole when I see it."
I shake my head in awe. "Well, what do you want to do with my butt?"
"Claim it." Tord explains. "Just like we would any other tract of land. Once your butthole is
claimed we can develop it as we see fit, but I can assure you that we have only be best intentions for
such an important part of your body."
"I… I need to think about this." I stammer. I continue forward, pushing my way through the
bigfeet and then heading back down the trail. It's almost time for the shop to open.
The rest of the day goes by quickly, my thoughts overwhelmed by a sense of impending doom
that I just can't seem to shake. I try to ride the taffy wheel for a while when the store is empty, hoping
to blow off some steam and create a few new batches of sugary goodness, but the physical exertion
still doesn't keep me from obsessing over the events of the last few days.
These mean were obviously rich enough to throw some good money my way, but was I literally
willing to sell my own ass, regardless of the price? Not only that, but the second I give them what
they want are they going to overtake the town and institute the same oppressive flavor laws that
brought me here from New York in the first place?
Even more concerning, however, is the other powerful feeling that has been blossoming within
me ever since this morning; lust. As a straight man, I'm not sure what to make of my attraction to
these handsome male bigfeet, but the longer I let the cravings simmer the more overwhelming they
become.
My head is swimming with these sexual thoughts as the workday comes to an end. I'm just
about ready to close up shop when suddenly the bigfeet enter, spreading out across the open floor as
their leader, Tord, steps forward.
"Now that you're done selling candy, let's talk business." The creature tells me in his deep,
booming voice.
"Candy is my business." I retort, trying to ignore the sharp chill of arousal that shoots down my
spine as the Tord approaches me.
The bigfoot settler smiles. "Aw, so that's what this is about?"
I nod.
"I guarantee that when we develop this land, including your butthole, you will remain the sole
owner of your taffy shop." Tord says warmly.
I laugh. "But will I be able to make the kind of taffy that I want?" I counter. "Or will you just
enact the same needless flavor laws of the East?"
The look on the bigfoot businessman's face slowly begins to change as he realizes that he's up
against more than just an issue of finances, but an issue of the heart. "Well, of course we'd have to
enact a few more laws, but that is for the sake of everyone! This is the wild frontier, and for
development to happen we need to remove the wild part from that equation."
I shake my head. "I can't do it."
"Can't do it, or won't do it?" Asks Tord.
"I won't be a part of destroying this countries great tradition of unique candy with needless
flavor laws." I tell him, a fire in my eyes.
The bigfoot turns and brings his fellow businessbeasts in close, talking amongst themselves
quietly. Every once in a while a creature will look back and take a quick glance at my ass, making
sure it's as incredible as they seem to think that it is. Finally, the group disbands and Tord turns back
to face me.
"Alright, we have an offer." The bigfoot says. "Ten thousand dollars for the land that this store
is on, ten thousand more for your butthole, and a legal guarantee that we will not allow the inaction of
any flavor laws in this county, ever."
My jaw literally drops. "Seriously?"
Tord nods. "The only catch is this. You have to let us test your asshole first, take it for a spin
so that we'll known what we're in for once development starts."
I consider this proposition but it doesn't take long for me to come to my decision. "Sounds fair
to me."
The next thing I know, these powerful bigfeet spring into action, locking the door to the shop and
drawing the shutters. I come out from behind the counter and stand before them, trembling.
"What now?" I ask.
"Strip." Tord says. "Let's try to keep this professional."
I watch as the bigfeet begin to remove their suits, ties, and hats, folding everything nicely and
placing it on the counter. I awkwardly follow in their example, and soon enough the whole group of
us are completely nude.
"What about now?" I continue.
Tord takes a step towards me and as he does I notice that his dick has started to lengthen,
growing larger and larger before my very eyes. I had already believed that these beasts were well
hung, but when their cocks are fully erect it's another story entirely, sporting rock hard members the
likes of which I'd never dreamed possible.
"Oh my god." I gasp, the giant bigfoot now pressed against my body. I can feel his incredible
physique against mine and suddenly I'm actually a little impressed, blown away by the chiseled form
of his bigfoot chest.
I tremble with homosexual arousal; a sudden chill of excitement running down my spine. I've
done nothing but work my ass off since I moved to New York, slaving away at the taffy shop day in
and day out and then going home to an empty cabin before starting the process all over again. It's
about time I had a little fun.
Suddenly, I drop down to my knees, seized with erotic confidence. "Let me show you what me
and my butthole can do." I say.
Immediately, I take the gigantic bigfoot rod into my mouth, struggling to wrap my lips around his
substantial girth.
The bigfoot leans his head back and lets a satisfied moan roll out from the depths of his massive
frame. I can feel his stomach clench tight as I bob up and down his shaft, bracing as the pleasure
begins to course through him.
Almost immediately, the rest of the bigfoot gang surrounds me, a giant hairy dick pointed at my
chiseled face from every angle. I look up at them with a gay, cock hungry lust clouding my vision,
aching to service their shafts as I quickly take one in each hand. I pump up and down their members
at the same rate as the dick that fills my mouth, simultaneously pleasing three of them at once.
Eventually, I try to force down the cock in my mouth as far as possible, pushing my head hard
over the bigfoot's giant shaft. I get it down about halfway but then stop as the creature's rod hits the
edge of my gag reflex, causing me to retch slightly. I try to relax and allow the beast past, but he's just
too enormous and, moments later, I'm forced to come up for air, sputtering and gasping as spit dangles
from my chin.
"I'm sorry!" I cry. "One more try!"
"One more try." The bigfoot agrees, placing his massive hands on the back on my head and
pushing me down for a second attempt.
This time I'm ready for him, and as the bigfoot's cock approaches my limits I somehow allow
him even further, his shaft plummeting all the way into my depths. The next thing I know, my face is
pressed up hard against the monster's hairy bigfoot abs, his huge balls forced tight against my chin as
I take him in an absolutely stunning deep throat.
The monster holds me here for a moment, controlling my movements while I continue to beat off
his friends on either side of us. Finally, when I'm just about completely out of air, the bigfoot settler
lets me up with a frantic gasp.
I don't have much time to gather my senses, however, because seconds later another one of the
monsters takes me by the head and slams me down onto his rod for another ruthless throat fucking.
The creatures continue to pass me around like this for a while, trading places within my mouth or
between my rapidly moving hands. Eventually, I've completely lost track of which ones I've
serviced, the entire ordeal transforming into a frantic carousal of blowjobs.
"What a nice mouth this taffy boy has on him!" One of the bigfeet teases.
The others wholeheartedly agree, laughing and chiding one another on.
Eventually, though, the beasts grow tired of my face and hands, craving something even more
extreme in their insatiable quest for self-pleasure.
One of the bigfeet gets behind me and pushes me forward, so that I fall onto my hands and
knees. I look back at him with excitement and terror, not quite sure if I can take his immense size but
willing to give it my best shot. "Fuck me with that big bigfoot cock!" I command. "Settle this tight
gay asshole!"
The creature aligns himself with my tightness and then moments later he pushes forward,
impaling my body onto the length of his incredible shaft. I let out a satisfied moan as he enters me,
stretching the limits of my ass far beyond anything I could have ever imagined possible.
"God damn!" I cry out, bracing myself against the bigfoot with my hands in the dirt in front of
me. "That's too much dick for my little gay asshole to take!"
The bigfoot gives me a hard slap on my rear and then gets to work, pumping in and out of me;
slowly at first and then gaining speed with every thrust. Soon he's hammering me with all of his
beastly strength, his huge, monstrous body slamming against my muscular frame below.
I can't help but start to moan and groan with pleasure, the pleasant feelings that course through
my body unable to contain themselves within, and instead spilling forth from my mouth verbally.
Eventually, I start to scream, trembling as my body is pushed to its limits until, moments later, I'm cut
off by a massive bigfoot rod that's shoved down my throat.
Now the mythical monsters are hammering me at either end, pushing my toned body back and
forth between them as they use me like their own personal gay sex doll. My frantic vocalizations are
muffled by the cock in my mouth, now tumbling out of me in a series of strange gargles.
When the bigfeet have had enough they eventually pull out and give two other beasts a turn
within my tightness, picking up where the previous occupants left off and slamming me with
everything they've got. The monsters cycle through until everyone has had a turn, and then happily
flip me over so that my back is on the floor of the taffy shop. From there, they continue to rail my
mouth and reamed asshole at either end, enjoying this brand new position as my legs are pulled back
towards my head by two of the other beasts. I'm completely spread open for them.
I enjoy their cocks like this for quite a while until, suddenly, one of the monsters grabs me and
lifts me up into the air. He has no trouble at all maneuvering me in his powerful arms, turning me so
that I'm facing his muscular chest and then slowly but surely lowering me down onto his thick, bigfoot
rod.
I wrap my arms around the beast's broad shoulders as his cock impales me, stretching me out
while I dip lower and lower until finally coming to rest at this hilt of his shaft. I'm filled completely,
and my body quakes with sensation as I try to collect myself, reeling from the incredible sense of
abundance.
The bigfoot immediately begins to pump me up and down his shaft, using the force of gravity
while he guides my toned body over his thickness. The sensation is incredible. It's not long before
the creature picks up the pace again, and soon enough he's pounding me ferociously onto his throbbing
hairy member.
Suddenly, I can feel another set of hands on my waist. I look back to see a second bigfoot
positioning himself behind me, aligning his massive dick with the already filled entrance of my tight
little asshole.
"Oh my god." I murmur to myself, grappling with the realization of what's about to come next.
I'm just not sure if I can take two at once, worried that my body might literally rip in half. Still, I've
come this far, so why not go all the way?
The beast behind me lets out a hefty grunt and then slams up into my asshole, stretching me wide
with his thick tube of a cock. I let out a shriek of surprise and unfamiliar pleasure, grabbing tight onto
the monster in front as the two of them rail my butt in tandem.
The bigfoot settlers are nothing but thrilled by my wild vocalizations, which kick them into high
gear as they slam into me with everything they've got. It's not long before the one who's fucking my
asshole from behind starts to tremble and shake, closing in on a powerful orgasm.
"Do it!" I command. "Blow that sasquatch load up my wild frontier of an ass! Settle my gay
butt with your cum!"
The bigfoot lets out a thunderous roar and then slams me down onto his shaft and holds tight, the
contents of his massive bigfoot balls ejecting up inside of me. I can feel his warm seed blast forth in
a series of powerful tremors, filling me to the brim until there's just not enough room left and his
pearly jizz spills out onto the dirty ground below.
When the beast withdraws himself from my ass a torrent of semen spills forth, splattering
everywhere. I left out a gasp, and then moments later gasp again as my rectum is double plugged by a
brand new bigfoot cock, this one even more massive than the first. Using the jizz as lube, the new
bigfoot immediately gets to work double fucking me, plowing my tight hole with animalistic fury.
I reach down and go to work on myself now, frantically beating my swollen cock as I edge
closer and closer to a powerful, impending orgasm. I'm almost there when this second bigfoot
explodes within my asshole, mixing with the filthy spunk cocktail that came before him.
The bigfeet continue like this for a while, taking turns in a ruthless, standing, double penetration
and then blowing their seed up my reamed out rectum. Eventually, all of them have been satisfied and
the only ones left to cum are me and Tord, who slams me up the butt from the front.
"Cum in my mouth!" I beg. "I want to swallow your seed! Please, please, please cum in my
mouth!"
The bigfoot finally relents and drops me down onto the floor, where I stretch out before him on
my back. The creature straddles my face, while I reach down and rapidly stroke my own throbbing
dick, aching for climax.
It's not long before Tord begins to tremble and quake, his stomach seizing above me until it
finally clenches tight and his massive dick explodes. I do my best to swallow his entire load but it's
just too much, and soon enough the jizz is running out from the corners of my mouth while I gag and
choke on the bigfoot's milky sweetness.
Thankfully, I'm cumming now, as well, so I don't even care. I'm completely lost in a sea of
beautiful ecstasy, my body overwhelmed with a searing pleasure that pulses through my senses like
waves. My eyes roll back into my head as I let go completely, allowing the pleasure full access to
every nerve of my body. I scream, gargling hot jizz and splattering it everywhere while I launch a
load of my own.
Finally, after what seems like an eternity, the sensation passes and I fall back onto the ground.
The bigfoot within my mouth stands up and joins with the others.
"That was incredible." I groan, dragging myself to my feet. "I feel so claimed."
"You are." Says Tord. "You are."