Where does the miracle of science end and magic begin? Some people would say never, that "magic"
is nothing more than something we can't quite understand yet, but eventually will. Just because a
force seems mysterious and exotic, doesn't mean that it can't be quantified later on.
As a young researcher, I haven't been around in my field long enough to see any of these
enormous changes take place, but I like to remind myself about things in the present that must have
seemed like magic to those in the past. Electricity alone could have been framed in another way
decades ago, considered the result of hours upon hours of careful black magic.
Of course, I know better. Magic isn't real, nor the various mystical trappings that come along
with it; love at first sight or luck, just to name a few.
I'm a staunch skeptic, as anyone else with my job (a research assistant at Rubble Biological
Labs) should be.
But even a hardline skeptic like me can't help but feel a little twinge of magic in the air when
they first hear the news about Huntertuck Island.
The now-private island was recently purchased by a rather eccentric billionaire, who
immediately went to work doing clone research and creating several living copies of himself. At
first, the news of the small island colony was met by various scoffs of doubt, but as time went on and
evidence was presented, the findings were quickly regarded as scientific truth.
Of course, there are a whole slew of ethical arguments to be addressed here, especially because
the clones were not exact replicas, but rather mutants of the original sample, biologically
programmed to be less intelligent worker drones. These drones were then used to build and entirely
new infrastructure on the island.
I was ecstatic. Finally, the first massive shift in biology, and I am poised on the front lines of
progress.
But once the breakthroughs on Huntertuck Island became regarded as scientific fact, the ability
to recreate such incredible results was quickly locked up tight.
I can't blame them. After all, once we have the ability to create these worker drone clones, the
business potential is almost unlimited. The entire industry would be a goldmine, redefining the entire
world's economy.
Of course, the government was quick to step in and put a stop to all of this. Regardless of what
a league of worker drone clones could do for progress, there were just too many people getting
worked up about the human rights of such mindless creatures.
Maybe they had a point, maybe not, but it was an absolutely fascinating new discovery, none the
less.
Here at Rubble Biological Labs, we've taken a balanced approach to moving forward. We've
used the early results from Huntertuck Island to create the basis of our experiments, but started over
completely with the rest of the research. To describe it another way, we've taken a photo of their
finished puzzle, and now we are working hard to put all of the pieces back into the right place.
Thanks to a massive loophole, all of our research is perfectly legal, so long as we don't use any
exact copies of the Huntertuck method, and as long as we aren't hiring any outside test subjects. The
only people that we are allowed to test on are ourselves.
As intimidating as it could be to have a potential clone running around out there in the world,
it's really not that hard to volunteer for experimentation because, to this day, none of the experiments
have yielded any living results. That is, until today.
I walked into work that morning like I would on any other day, swiping my key card through the
laboratory reader and walking passed as the door automatically opens with a soft hiss. I say hello to
the security guards and continue down a long hallway into the depths of the facility, until I reach lab
243, a highly secretive and high clearance area. I swipe my card again, and enter.
"Kirk!" Shouts one of my colleagues, Dr. Porter, as he sees me. He opens his arms wide and
stands up from his row of computers to greet me with a warm hug. "Today's the big day."
"I know!" I say with a laugh. "I'm up to bat."
Dr. Porter motions me over to his lead computer and types in a few quick commands, a bright
blue display of cloning schematics popping up onto his computer screen.
My eyes go wide the second that I see what he has planned. "Oh, whoa!"
"It's great isn't it?" Dr. Porter offers with an excited smile.
The cloning process, on the surface, is fairly simple to accomplish, but not in the way that we
want to do it. Anyone can extract some DNA and place it into an egg, creating a new version of you
at birth that will take nine months to gestate and then come out as a beautiful bouncing baby.
However, for our practical application of cloning worker drones, or and other specified job for
that matter, we need our clones to emerge at the same age as the subject. In other words, I'm a twenty
two year old man, and we need my worker drone to be as well. The problem with this is that the
rapid, almost instantaneous, cell growth is far from stable. Instead of fully complete clones, we have
been creating strange and disturbing piles of lifeless flesh, or worse.
If I wasn't so interested in science and human progress then I would be horrified, but instead I
find myself in utter fascination with every passing experiment. Of course, some positive results
would be great, but each failed trial is just another brick in the road towards a result.
Lately, we have been trying to keep the rapid cell growth stable by combining the DNA with
small markers from various animals, as well as taking them from different, specific regions of the
human body. Today's trial, which I have been randomly selected for as the subject, is going to take
DNA from my brain, my ass, and a hawk.
"What a combination!" I say aloud with a laugh.
Dr. Porter shrugs. "Last time I was in there we tried my arm, my lung and a catfish."
"And?" I question, curiously.
"We got a very creepy balloon-type-thing flopping around." Dr. Porter shrugs. "Had to put it
down immediately."
When I hear stuff like that, it makes me slightly nervous about the way that we've started playing
god here at Rubble Laboratories. On one hand, I really do understand the history making application
of what we have going here, but on the other, it can be a little unsettling sometimes.
I leave and meet with our resident nurses for some time, who take all of the required samples
from my body while Dr. Porter prepares the hawk. Six hours later, we meet back in the lab.
"How's it looking?" I ask Dr. Porter.
"Good, very good." He nods. "The DNA has been synthetized and is already inside the egg."
I look out through a large glass window before us that stares into a sterilized chamber,
completely white and almost entirely empty other than a table, a large synthetic egg, and some
injection equipment.
"It's already in?" I ask, excitedly. "For how long?"
"Ten minutes." Dr. Porter says. "Should be ready to come out any minute now."
Normally, the gestation period takes no longer than ten minutes, so if we don't see any results
soon, our chances of success go down drastically.
I lean forward, peering into the chamber with rapt attention. I'm used to failure by now, but that
doesn't mean that moments like this are any less tense.
The seconds turn into minutes, and soon Dr. Porter and I are relaxed, talking to one another
about the next genetic combination that we're going to try. It's over.
"The fact that there was no result at all was probably because of the brain cells." Says Dr.
Porter. "It's just to delicate of an organ, we never get what we are looking for when we add that to
the cocktail."
"I don't know." I start, "I think that the brain is our only chance. We need to look at whatever is
happening in the bird DNA. Other birds have had great results but the hawk is just not happening for
some reason."
Dr. Porter is about to refute my statement, and gets his mouth halfway open before suddenly
there is a loud slam against the glass behind us. Dr. Porter and I jump in surprise, immediately
looking up to find a rather large, winged butt hovering in the air just inside of the glass.
"Hey there." Says the butt. "You think you could let me out of here? I'm freezing my ass off."
The rump chuckles to himself.
My partner and I exchange glances of excitement.
"Of course!" Dr. Porter says, running over to the containment chamber and opening it up.
"Welcome!"
The flying butt flaps its way inside and then lands on the desk in front of us. "Hello!"
"Congratulations, you're our first sentient creation!" Dr. Porter says, extending his hand to the
butt, who takes it with his wing and shakes firmly.
"Happy to be here." Says the ass. "But you can call me Kirk's butt."
"You know that you're my butt?" I ask.
"Of course I do." Says my winged ass. "I'm made from your brain, I know everything that you
know."
A slight chill runs down my spine. I hadn't realized that all of my deepest secrets would
suddenly be transplanted into this butt. I try my best, but I am still a flawed man with a penchant for
running out on relationships and taking practical jokes too far.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to spill the beans." My butt says with a wink.
I nod.
Dr. Porter finds himself glancing back and forth between us, clearly picking up on the vibe that's
being established. After many nights out drinking with Dr. Porter, he has proven himself to be a killer
wingman, and already he's showing his impeccable support once again.
"It's been a long day." Dr. Porter says, doing his best to fake a yawn. "Your butt can't stay here
all night, there's no place to sleep. Why don't you take him home and then we can pick this up
tomorrow morning?"
I give Dr. Porter a knowing look of thanks, and he smiles back in return.
"That sounds good to me." My ass says.
"Yeah, totally." I tell Dr. Porter, then turn to my living butt. "You hungry?"
"I've never eaten! It sounds amazing!" Responds my sentient ass. "Let's go!"
Seeing as it is his first meal ever, I decide to splurge a bit on my butt, taking him out to a fancy
French restaurant in the hip part of town. It would usually be impossible to get a reservation on such
short notice, but thankfully I know someone who works here and she's able to pull some strings for
us. The next thing I know, I'm sitting across from my own ass, looking deep within his soulful eye.
"I'm not sure what to ask you." I confess. "I mean, you know everything that I know, right?"
"Pretty much." Says the butt, his wings folded neatly behind him. He takes a long sip from his
wine glass, savoring every moment before setting it back down onto the table. "But I've never felt
it... that, right there."
"Felt what?" I ask, confused.
"I have all of your memories about drinking wine, I know what to expect when I do it and I
know what it's going to taste like, but I've never truly tasted it for myself." The butt explains. "It's
incredible."
"Whoa." I say, "That is amazing. I'm actually kind of jealous of you now."
"Really?" Asks my living butt. "Why jealous?"
"Well, I know we're both twenty two, but at the same time you have so much to experience.
Everything is going to be new and exciting for you."
My butt smiles. "Yeah, I suppose it is. Like this fucking steak that I just ordered."
I laugh. "You're really interested in food aren't you?"
"Well, I am a butt." My butt jokes.
I laugh out loud at this, impressed with his similar sense of humor to my own. For the first time
in a long time, I finally feel like I'm sitting across the table from someone who really gets me, deep
down at the core of my being. It's hard enough dating as a gay man in today's world of casual
hookups and reckless flings. I'm looking for something more and, incredibly, I think I might have just
found it.
That's not to say that my feelings for my own living ass aren't sexual, far from it; the connection
that I'm looking for is something that embodies every kind of attraction. If I'm going to be honest, at
this very moment I can barely contain my lust for this suave sophisticated living butt. Even the
features that I don't directly recognize as my own are absolutely gorgeous, like the brilliant golden
wings that sprout from his back.
"I feel like you need a name." I tell my own butt. "I know that you are a part of me, and I love
that about you, but you also need an identity of your own."
My ass thinks about this proposition for a moment and then nods in agreement. "Alright, what's
my name?"
"How about Portork?" I offer. "That's a pretty sexy name."
"Portork." My ass repeats aloud. "Yeah, it's very manly but also seductive, I like that name a
lot."
"Portork it is!" I laugh. "Cheers to that!"
The two of us raise our wine glasses and clink them together right as our steaks arrive, perfectly
cooked and rare as can be.
I watch as Portork slices off a thin, tender strip of meat and then chews it happily, swallowing
with complete satisfaction.
"And?" I ask. "What do you think?"
My winged ass smiles. "It's incredible."
Suddenly, I find myself overwhelmed with lust for this incredible butt. I know that this is only
the first night we've know each other, but I also know that the feelings I have for this ass are not just
some passing phase. This is as real as it gets, and if I don't say something now I will regret it for the
rest of my life.
"Is there anything else you've wanted to experience?" I ask Portork.
The living butt immediately picks up on the weight of my words, eyeing me suspiciously.
"Yeah, of course." He says.
"Anything that I can help you with?" I question, continuing to lead him along.
I can immediately tell that Portork understands what I am asking of him, reading between the
lines with expert precision. The butt hesitates for a moment, and then finally offers, "I'd like to try
anal."
"I think I can help you with that." I tell him with a sly grin.
The second that we get back to my apartment all bets are off. Portork and me stumble through
the door, kissing frantically as we make our way towards the bedroom. The second that we get inside
I push my living ass down onto the bed and watch as he spreads his majestic wings out behind him.
For a living butt, his physique is quite impressive and I laugh out loud when I realize that I'm only
complimenting myself.
As I lean in towards Portork, I see a massive cock beginning to grow out of the front of his
body, stretching upward until it becomes a fully engorged shaft.
"Impressive." I tell the flying butt.
"Hey, I got it from you." Portork says with a wink.
Seconds later, I open wide and engulf his massive rod in my mouth, taking his shaft down as far
as I can before pulling back. I do this movement again, and then again, until eventually I find myself
bobbing up and down on his length with a confident rhythm.
My living butt is clearly enjoying himself, groaning loudly as he pushes back into the bed and
stretches his wings.
"Oh my god." Says Portork. "That is so fucking good."
I pull the butt's cock out of my mouth just long enough to tell him, "Just wait" and then swallow
his shaft completely, pushing down as far as I can. When Portork's rod hits my gag reflex, I do
everything that I can to relax, somehow managing to let his incredible size slip past my barrier. Now
my face is pressed hard against his ass cheeks, his dick fully inserted into my throat.
Portork puts his wings against the back of my head and keeps me here for a while, enjoying the
control that he has over me. My throat is stuffed completely, no sound and no air, but just when I'm
about to start worrying my ass lets me up with a huge gasp of air.
"I need you to fuck me." I suddenly admit in a haze of lustful desperation. "I need to be
pounded up the ass by my own ass!"
I climb up onto the bed, past Portork, and frantically remove my clothes, tearing off my shirt,
pants and underwear while the flying but flaps around the room and observes my toned body.
"Looking good." Portork tells me.
I give a bashful smile and then lean forward on my hands and knees, completely naked with my
toned, muscular ass popped out behind me. I reach back and give myself a playful slap on the cheek,
then look back at Portork.
"I'm just a bad little twink." I admit to him. "And I need to be slammed from behind. I need to
be taught a lesson by my own flying gay ass."
"With pleasure!" Portork tells me, flapping down and perching atop my butt. He quickly aligns
the head of his cock with my puckered rectum, teasing the edge of my tightness with his impressive
length.
"Do it!" I command. "Shove it in there!"
Immediately, Portork pushes forward, impaling me onto his sizable length. His rod is certainly
impressive, but it's also a little difficult to reckon with, filling my entire body with a swirling rush of
ecstasy and aching discomfort. The rim of my butthole can barely accommodate the cock size of my
magnificent, cloned ass, but it does it's best, stretched to the limit as Portork pushes even deeper into
me.
Eventually Portork comes to a stop, my own ass completely buried deep within my own ass. I
let out a long, agonizing groan as my living butt holds there, and then brace myself against the bed
before me while he begins to flap his wings and pump in and out. Soon Portork has found a steady
rhythm, pulsing in and out of my rectum with a powerful precision that is unlike any human lover I
have ever experienced.
The connection erupting between us right now is more than just one of depraved lust; it's an
expression of pure, unfiltered love in it's rawest form, the love between a man and his own living ass.
"Fuck that feels so good!" I cry out as Portork hammers away at my backside with his thick,
girthy cock. "You're so deep!"
Eventually, my winged living butt pulls out of me and instructs me to turn over on the bed so that
I'm now laying out on my back. I pull my legs back, my cock jutting upward from my body and my
now reamed asshole exposed to my other asshole. Portork flutters into position and then inserts his
rod yet again, picking up where he left off as the disembodied butt continues to rail away at me.
As Portork plows my hole from the front I reach down and start to beat off my cock frantically,
the sensation immediately almost too much to bear. It's a strange pleasure; a powerful blossoming
prostate orgasm that blooms from somewhere deep within my body and spreads across me in an
awesome wave.
"Oh god." I start to mumble, my eyes rolling back into my head. "Oh god, oh god. I'm gonna
cum!"
Immediately, Portork stops and pulls his lengthy rod out of me. "Not like this." He says. "I
want you to blow your load inside of me."
The flying ass immediately takes a position at the edge of the bed, his butthole hanging over and
ready for pounding. I position myself for entry, grasping ahold of his beautiful, muscular ass cheeks
as I plow forward to enter his depths. I let out a long cry of satisfaction as his ass consumes me, then
get to work throttling Portork with a series of jackhammer-like slams against his body. I'm quaking,
trembling hard as I edge closer and closer towards a powerful orgasm and then, finally, I explode
within him.
I grab hold of my disembodied ass and pull him close, my length entirely inserted within
Portork's tightness as I eject load after load. My whole being is consumed by blinding pleasure
unlike anything I have ever felt, the sensations overwhelming every sense that I have until I feel as
though I've left my body completely.
Eventually, my massive jizz load is just too much to contain and it comes squirting out from the
edge. It runs down the crack of my living ass's ass and drips onto the bed below in splatters of pearly
white, and when I finally pull out my spunk sprays everywhere, unable to remain contained.
"Fuck." I groan. "I love cumming in my own asshole."
Portork flutters up to the level of my face, his hard cock at the ready as he drips stray cum from
his butt. "Now how about your own asshole cums inside of you?" He offers.
I smile, then open wide, allowing Portork passage into my mouth once again. It only takes a few
pumps before my lover is ready to blow and, the next thing I know, he's pulling out and shooting
several hot ropes of jizz across my face.
The first shot lands across my tongue and I swallow hungrily, while the other two blasts hit
either cheek and then hang down in sticky white droplets.
Finally finished, me and my own ass collapse into bed, exhausted. I reach over and grab some
tissues; cleaning up as quickly as I can and then pulling my living ass close, falling asleep with the
handsome science experiment in my arms.
When I wake up the next morning, I immediately notice a mysterious absence in the bed. I sit up
and look around, throwing back the covers to make sure Portork hasn't simply slipped down below.
My living ass is nowhere to be found.
"Portork?" I call out into the empty apartment.
I climb out of bed and walk into the living room, where a small note has been neatly folded and
left out on the coffee table.
I pick it up and read aloud. "Kirk, thank you so much for the wonderful night, I really
appreciate you sharing so many new and exciting experiences with me. Unfortunately, despite the
love that we share for one another, I must now go. There is a whole world out there and I need to see
it on my own, without a relationship holding me back."
Tears are welling up in my eyes now. I have been on the other side of this letter man times,
writing the words for some one-night-stand to find in the morning. This couldn't make more sense
though, after all, Portork and me are the same person who is unable to commit. Now I know what it
feels like.
I turn around and jump suddenly as I see my living ass in the bedroom doorway. He had been
hiding this whole time.
"What the fuck?" I ask in startled joy. "What is this?"
"I know that we both have a knack for running out on relationships." Portork tells me. "But we
also know love when we see it."
A broad smile crosses my face. "I see you'll also picked up my habit of inappropriate practical
jokes."
Portork laughs. "Of course! Now get in here an fuck me, it's time for round two!"