"My name is John Hams and I'm a sex addict." I say, a mantra that I know like the back of my
hand by now.
I look down at the literal back of my hand for a moment and study myself. Sometimes I feel
like a stranger in my own skin, and tonight is one of those nights. How the hell did I even end up
here?
"Hi John!" The crowd responds with a resounding chorus of support.
I've been coming to these meetings for a long time, and this part is still difficult. Once I start
talking the words will just flow out of my brain and into the air like beautiful confessional butterflies,
but for the first few seconds of silence between my greeting and their response, it feels like I'm sitting
atop a giant roller coaster just waiting for the plunge. The butterflies remain firmly planted within the
pit of my stomach. The hair on the back of my neck stands straight up as I try desperately to will
myself into speaking.
Finally, my lips part and my story comes tumbling out.
"It's been two years since my last sexual encounter with a billionaire dinosaur." I tell the
group, a ragtag bunch of fellow addicts sitting around in the loose formation of a circle.
We're in the dimly lit corner of a church basement at the far end of Hollywood boulevard,
past the glitz and the glamour, where the liquor stores start to pop up and the gleeful tourists fade
away. The only ones left to wander around over here are down and out actors and failed
screenwriters, angst filled shells of their former selves who swear up and down that they could've
been the one if they'd only landed that role. Maybe next time, they think.
The group responds to my admission with a smatter of supportive congratulations. I nod
in appreciation, accepting one of the few things in my life right now that I can truly be proud of, my
abstinence.
"Honestly, I don't really think about billionaire dinosaur sex all that much anymore." I tell the
group. "It's gotten to the point where it just doesn't seem to cross my mind, and I'm working all the
time so that makes things a little easier." I laugh. "Work is a fucking pain these days."
"What's hard about work?" Our group leader, Forbok asks.
Forbok is a handsome older man, who was once a porn star in the golden age of VHS tapes
and late night, adult channel skin flicks. You can still see it in the way that he carries himself, with
the confidence and knowledge that, at one point, he could have had any man, woman or prehistoric
beast that he wanted just by flashing a smile and giving a sly little wink.
Apparently, the industry wasn't all that good to Forbok in his later years, because he ended up
here with the rest of us, having abstained from his own billionaire dinosaur vice for nearly a decade.
Forbok says that he's saving himself until he finds the one, a perfect, wealthy Tyrannosaurs Rex who
can somehow undo all of the trauma and anxiety that has mummified his sex life, but I have my
doubts. Straight up, I don't think Forbok ever wants to see another prehistoric penis again.
"Work is…" I trail off. "Work. I mean, nobody really likes to work do they?"
"Some of us do." Forbok tells me. "This is what I do for work and I love it."
"True." I say, nodding, "But, you of all people know what it's like to take it up the ass for a
paycheck."
A heavy, and achingly awkward, silence falls over the room.
The second that the words left my mouth I had regretted them. I wasn't trying to be mean in
any way, not at all, but there is a certain sting to my joke that I can't help notice now that it's all too
late.
Full disclosure, in some ways, I'm a little jealous of Forbok. We're both brothers in Jurassic
billionaire abstinence, but every day I'm growing more and more convinced that I don't really have a
choice in the matter. Even if I wanted a hot raptor in my life, I'm not sure that I could find one.
Forbok, on the other hand, is still a stunner and, in his mid forties, he's almost twice my age.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not terrible looking by any stretch, but there are certainly no
delusions of a male modeling carrier in my future. Average weight and a little on the short side, with
mousy brown hair and a face that I'm not entirely happy with. I'm just another face in the crowd, and
I've come to terms with that.
Forbok, on the other hand, could still probably steal the brontosaurus boyfriend off of any hot
little twink that strutted his way in here if he really wanted to. Luckily, the guy knows a thing or two
about restraint, and he's also got a sense of humor.
"You're right about that!" Forbok finally says, laughing at my joke and signaling to the rest of
the group that it's okay to join in at his expense. God damn, I love this guy; so solid in his own self
worth. In the entire time that I've been coming to this Hollywood meeting, I've never seen him lose
his cool.
"I don't know what it is that makes work so awful these days." I blurt, collecting my thoughts
again and trying to focus. "It kind of sucks to that the raptors at the lab see me as such a… prude, I
guess."
I glance around the circle of fellow billionaire dinosaur sex addicts, looking for any kind of
response but only met with their steady gazes. One of two of the men nod in understanding, which is
all the encouragement that I need.
"They know I'm not seeing anyone." I continue. "But they've all tried to hook up with me and
I've stayed strong. Now that the option isn't there any longer it's like I'm invisible. Meanwhile
there's this new guy, Donald, who I just know is already fucking his way to the top. He's been at the
lab a quarter of the time that I've been there and already received two promotions. One more and
he's technically going to be my boss."
A stegosaurus sitting directly across from me in the circle raises his hand and I nod in his
direction. I've never seen him before, but the second that our eyes meet I can feel something strange
blossom inside of me, a tiny pin prick of my heart that floods out across my veins like a warm,
pleasant ache.
This is why we shouldn't have interspecies sexaholics meetings, I think to myself.
Apparently, in the officially sanctioned groups, they split things up between humans, dinosaurs,
unicorns and bigfeet as a steadfast and unbreakable rule, but our wild bunch is technically not an
official chapter of Sexaholics Anonymous, just Forbok's personal bit of community service. He uses
a lot of the same methods of the bigger meeting groups, to the point where many of our members are
supplementing there official meetings by coming here on the side, but we're still not the real deal.
Besides, even if this guys a handsome dinosaur, it doesn't automatically mean that he's a
handsome billionaire dinosaur. That's a stereotype I've made leaps and bounds towards eliminating
from my brain. We've had all types of creatures come and go from these meetings and it's never been
a problem. At least, not yet.
"I'm sorry, I think I must have missed it. Where do you work?" The stegosaurus asks with
genuine curiosity. "Most people say office, you say lab."
Forbok immediately steps in. "Actually, John Hams has a government job that is very strict
about its secrecy. We're all about being open here but, as we've covered before, this is something
that we're not going to talk about."
The dinosaur lowers his beautiful blue eyes, looking somewhat ashamed of himself.
"It's okay." I tell him. "I just can't really talk about it."
There is an strange silence as the entire room looks inward, everyone running wild with their
own personal suspicions of what I could possibly be doing out at Buttcorp laboratories.
Eventually, Forbok claps his hands together in an attempt to get things moving again.
"Anything else you'd like to talk about tonight?" He asks me.
I shake my head. "Nah, that's about it."
"Thanks for sharing." Forbok says, which is everyone else's cue to burst into a solid
applause. "Peter, you're up next."
Peter, the older man sitting next to me, starts to speak loudly about his craving for gay jet
planes but I tune him out, instead focusing on the handsome, dinosaur newcomer directly across the
way.
There is something utterly intoxicating about the guy's presence, a strange mixture of
confidence and intelligence that I can't quite put my finger on. He's laid back and unassuming, as if
he doesn't need to be the loudest, biggest retile in the room simply because he already knows that he
is.
Basically, he seems like the opposite of every dinosaur that I've ever gone for; cool and
controlled.
After the meeting is finished, I head over to the snack table and start filling up on chips and
dip. I've been so unhappy at work lately that I've started avoiding going home following functions
like this, because I know that the next step is sleep and then comes the morning and another long
workday at the lab. Oh, the life of a single, celibate man.
I make my way down the table; picking at some hummus and pita, followed by a few baby
carrots and then a chocolate chip cookie.
"Hey." Comes a warm voice from behind me.
I spin around abruptly and come face to face with the handsome stegosaurus newcomer.
"I'm Yorb Killcorn." He says, extending his hand. "I just wanted to apologize for earlier, I
didn't know that questions about your job were off limits, I was just trying to be proactive. I'm new
here."
"John Hams." I tell him, reaching out and giving Yorb a friendly handshake.
Now that I'm this close to him, I can finally discern just how handsome this creature actually
is. Yorb is perfectly chiseled in every way, from his jaw line down to the hint of scaly muscular chest
that peeks out from the edge of his heather gray v-neck. The spines that line their way across his back
are, frankly, breathtaking.
I can feel a slight throbbing ache deep within my loins, a place that literally hasn't been
touched in years. I already know that talking to this guy is probably a bad idea, (After all, what better
why to relapse than with a fellow addict?) but I can't help being slowly charmed by his quietly
confident demeanor. Thank god he's not a billionaire.
But then again, what's a little harmless flirting?
"Yeah, Forbok was a little harsh on you about that." I tell Yorb, glancing over at the man in
question as he holds the door for a few exiting members with a smile and a nod. "He means well
though."
"Yeah." Yorb agrees. "I can see that, he seems really great. I think I could get a lot of good
out of this place."
I eye him curiously. There's more to this stegosaurs than meets the eye, that's for sure.
"You didn't share today." I tell him, as if he hadn't noticed.
"Nah, not yet." Yorb explains. "Didn't seem like the right time, first meeting and all."
I shrug. "Whatever, it takes some people months of listening before they open up."
The two of us stand here for a moment and I'm not exactly sure what to say next. Yorb doesn't
seem to mind though, perfectly comfortable with the silence.
"Do you want to go grab something to eat?" Yorb finally asks.
I want so badly to say yes but, the second his words hit my ears, alarm bells start ringing deep
within my brain. I can't even remember the last time I was asked out by a dinosaur that was this
handsome, rich or poor. By all accounts, Yorb seems like the full package that any reasonable man
would be swooning after.
I start to open my mouth and then hesitate, catching the words in my throat. I quickly change
course.
"I don't think that's a good idea." I tell him.
I fully expect Yorb to be devastated by the news, but instead he smiles warmly. "No
worries."
His confidence unwavering, Yorb turns his attention back to the table of food, where he grabs
a slice of ham and then takes a bite. He chews slowly and swallows, then quickly washes it down
with a shot of chocolate milk.
"I'm sorry." I say, immediately regretting my decision to turn him down, and his lack of
disappointment only making things even worse for me.
Yorb shrugs. "You seem like a very nice guy but, honestly, I get it. This is the last place I
should be trying to get a date."
I don't say anything because he's right, but I don't care. I want nothing more than for the two
of us to get out of here and grab a drink, to talk to each other like neither of us are the damaged
addicts that we are. I miss the mystery and suspense of being around a secure, sexy dinosaur.
"Well, it was nice to meet you, John Hams." Yorb says, giving me a little wink. "I'll see you
at the next meeting."
With that, Yorb turns and heads towards the door, leaving me in a state of speechless
yearning. I watch as he exchanges a few words with Forbok and then departs into the warm
Hollywood night, flipping a small silver coin into the air and then catching it again with his hand.
It's one thing to refrain from billionaire dinosaur sex, but did I really have to deny every
creature connection that comes my way?
I let out a long sigh and gather my things, heading home alone once again.