Buck has generously allowed me to spend most of the day programming out back, in a small
fenced off portion of the shop that sits outside, open to the warm desert air but shaded by a small roof
above. Out here, there are plenty of places to plug in and get to work, and after Yorb greases him
with a rather substantial hourly rate to let us toil here unhindered, Buck seems to be much more of a
happy man than a crazy one.
There is something strange about that man that I can't quite put my finger on, something
familiar and welcoming. The shop itself is quite unusual, covered in framed posters of blown up
science fiction and romance novel covers, yet I feel perfectly at home here. Buck explains that he
used to be a writer, but after several lawsuits involving his own books, the man finally decided to get
into a different line of work. Rejecting society, he drove out here to the desert and began working on
an idea that he had for a universe collapsing button, whatever that means.
I'm one of the most brilliant scientists that there is, and I still have no idea what Buck is
talking about. Unfortunately, when I question the man's progress towards the creation of his button,
expressing my cautious doubt and gentle criticism, the aging scientist dismisses me completely,
claiming that he has already created the button in other universes and that this one is still trying to
catch up.
He explains that there are many level of the universe all existing at the same time, past,
present and future all at once. He explains that we are all creations of an author named Chuck Tingle
who exist in a fictional world. He explains that, depending on how many times the button has been
pressed, having sex with a dinosaur could be seen as utterly absurd, which I find to be slightly
offensive.
Long story short, Buck Trungle is crazy.
Despite working as fast as I can to hack into the nanobot program, it's sunset by the time I start
making real progress. I created most of this code myself, from the ground up, so getting in there and
messing around with it is as simple as I had expected, my only hindrance being the slightly dated
amalgamation of equipment that I'm working with. Still, it gets the job done, and soon enough I find
myself booting up all the gear for my first trial run, just as the sun begins to blossom purple over the
distant mountain ranges.
"Yorb!" I shout, calling the stegosaurus over from his seat across the patio, where he's been
deep in thought as he watches me work.
Yorb stands up and walks over, curiously looking at the laptop screen before me, even though
he has no idea what any of the scrolling lines of code mean.
"I think I'm ready." I tell him. "I think this is it."
Yorb can tell that there's something strange in the way that I say this. "What is it?" He asks,
immediately cutting to the chase. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing." I tell him, shaking my head and lying poorly despite my best efforts.
"Something's wrong, and I know it." Yorb says, his intuition serving him well. "Tell me
what's happening."
"Well," I offer, cautiously. "I'm about to confirm the edit that I've just finished on the nanobot
script, but I'm not exactly sure what's going to happen to me when I do it."
"What do you mean? I thought you were just going to shut off all the little… robots." Yorb
questions.
"I am." I explain. "But they're part of my cellular structure now, they'll always be there. My
edit here will hopefully disable any of their shape changing functions, but there's also the very strong
chance that the nanobots will just shut off entirely."
"What do you mean shut off enitrely?" Yorb demands to know, his unease completely
showing through now. "Is that dangerous?"
I hesitate for a moment, not wanting to tell him but quickly realizing that it's the only fair thing
to do. "Meaning that when I press enter on this keyboard I could be killed instantly."
Yorb closes his eyes, not wanting to deal with the severity of this situation but also realizing,
to his credit, that there are really no other options. If I don't' do this then I'll cease to exist anyway,
completely consumed by the personality of Chibs Pratt. "John." Is all that Yorb can manage to say, a
dinosaur tear rolling down his cheek, "I don't want you to get hurt."
"I know." I tell him, "I'm so sorry, but this is the only way."
Yorb takes me into his muscular retile arms and holds me tight, his cool touch putting me
immediately at ease. There's a magic that moves between us, one that I first recognized that night we
spent together at the diner, but I now know had been there all along since the very beginning.
Our embrace seems to last a lifetime, but when Yorb finally pulls away he stops and looks
deep into my eyes, which are also now beginning to fill with tears despite my best efforts.
"I think…" I stammer, the words within me bubbling ferociously to the surface of my soul,
where they can no longer be contained. "I think I love you."
Yorb kisses me deeply, then pulls back. "I love you, too." He says. "I love you, John Hams."
The second that my name leaves Yorb's lips I can feel something surge within me, a strange
and powerful sensation that covers my body in a trembling, quaking ache.
"Oh fuck." I say aloud, my voice cracking as it morphs into that of Chibs Pratt. "He's trying
to stop me."
I suddenly find myself sinking deeper and deeper into the shell of my own body, unable to
control the movements of the beautiful, helicopter straightjacket that forms around my being. I try to
will the cells within me to stop and revert back to their original state, but it's no use. I've lost all
control.
I see Yorb look down at the laptop that sits just beyond his grasp, immediately recognizing
what he has to do, for better or worse. Without hesitation, Yorb reaches across me and goes for the
space bar, but my own powerful helicopter blade reaches out abruptly to stop him.
"Don't even try it." Chibs says.
Suddenly, Chibs' blade is grabbing Yorb by the throat, solidly clamped onto his neck with a
tight, vice like grip. His arm is extending upward, stretching farther and farther as the swarming
nanobots create an ever-lengthening limb. The dinosaur tries his best to claw Chibs off of him, but
it's no use, the strength of his nanobot infused cells is too powerful.
From deep within Chibs Pratt's mind I'm screaming for him to stop, but my monstrous
mechanical creation is in no mood to listen.
Yorb's face is becoming paler as he hangs from Chibs's grasp, struggling for air.
"You're very sexy." Chibs says, looking sadly at Yorb. "And I like you a lot, but I feel like
we're outgrown each other."
Yorb tries to respond, his feet kicking the air wildly just a few inches off of the ground, but he
doesn't have enough air in his lungs to form the words.
"It's not you." Chibs explains. "It's me. I just can't be around someone who's going to try
and shut me down like this. That goes for you and for John Hams. I'm afraid this is the end of both of
you."
From deep within Chibs, I begin to cry, but no physical tears fall from my eyes. I'm too far
gone now, swallowed up by the handsome helicopter body of Chibs Pratt.
The light of Yorb's soul has nearly gone out, but in his last moments I see a strange expression
cross his scaly face, as if remembering something incredibly important. Moments later, I see his claw
reach deep into his pocket, scrambling for something hidden deep within the fabric. Yorb pulls out
his lucky coin.
As soon as I realize what's about to happen Chibs does as well, but it's already too late. In a
final moment of desperation, Yorb throws the coin down at the laptop below him, striking the
spacebar with incredible accuracy.
Immediately, a series of coded lines begin to dance across the screen, scrolling at blinding
speeds as the computer's internal processor whirs to life.
I'm suddenly hit with an intense pain, every nerve in my body flaring up at once. Chibs drops
Yorb and rocks back and forth on his skids, struggling to find any kind of solace from the searing
discomfort. His senses are my senses, and together the helicopter and me writhe on the ground in
agony.
My thoughts are flooded with distant memories of my childhood and then my teenage years, all
the way up until now, at this very moment. It all happens in a flash but everything is there, from the
beginning to the end, every choice that has lead me to this terrible place.
Then, however, I remember Yorb.
Soon his gorgeous stegosaurus face is coming towards me through the haze in my brain,
smiling sweetly as beams of light shine out from behind him with heavenly grace. The pain
immediately begins to fade, replaced by a soft, but pleasant ache.
"I'm sorry." I tell him.
Yorb chuckles. "You don't need to be sorry."
"Am I dead?" I ask.
"Nope." Yorb tells me. "Alive and well." As he says this, the glowing white light around
him suddenly dissipates into a purple, sunset laden sky behind.
I'm lying on my back, still on the patio behind Buck Trungle's shop.
"Whoa." I say, holding my hand up in front of my face. I immediately recognize it as my
own. Hesitantly, I make my best attempt to alter it in some way, to flatten the flesh into a long
metallic blade. Nothing happens, and I breathe out a sigh of relief.