I swipe my keycard and wait for the Buttcorp front door to unlock.
Nothing happens.
I swipe it again, this time drifting the thin, plastic rectangle even slower over its glowing card
reader.
Still no recognition from the machine as I glance down at my watch and see that today's big
meeting starts in just five minutes. I look over my shoulder to see if anyone else is around who might
be able to let me in, but it appears that everyone else is already inside and waiting for the meeting to
begin.
"Fuck." I mutter out loud, pounding on the door with my fist and then cupping my hands
around my eyes as I peer through the dark glass for any sign of like. "Hello? My keycard isn't
working for some reason!"
There's no response.
I know for a fact that there's a back entrance to our lab facility, all the way on the other side of
the building, but that one is well out of the way and almost certainly locked up tight.
The projects that we work on here at Buttcorp are incredibly powerful and often dangerous,
so I'm not in favor of lighter security, but at least get some security that works.
Suddenly, the glass panel door next to me pops open and Tucker, our front gate security
officer, pokes his head out.
"Thank you so much!" I tell him, trying to rush past.
Tucker puts his hand up and stops me.
"Excuse me." He says, sternly. "This is a high security laboratory, I'm gonna need to see
some identification."
I can't help but give me a strange look, unsure of whether or not the man is joking. I've said
hello to him almost every morning for the past two years and suddenly he has no idea who I am.
"Are you kidding me?" I ask. "It's John Hams."
Tucker shakes his head. "Sir, I'm gonna need to see some identification."
I stare at him for a minute longer, flabbergasted, then finally hand him my keycard.
Tucker looks at the plastic rectangle for a moment and then flips it over.
"There's no photo on this." Tucker tells me. He reaches over and runs it across the scanner.
Predictably, nothing happens.
"Tucker!" I shout. "Are you kidding me?"
"No keycard, no entry." He says.
"My keycard is broken!" I yell, losing it a little.
Being late for the meeting is one thing, but now my lack of respect around this office is really
getting to me. How could I have been so forgettable to this man?
Suddenly, Tuckers eyes light up as he glances past me. "Oh! Good morning, Donald!" He
calls.
I look over my shoulder to see Donald Trumbs, the handsome, redheaded new guy who's
everyone's favorite around the lab, walking up the path behind me. Tucker immediately holds the
door open for him and steps back so that the hunky dude can enter.
"John?" He asks, surprised to see me. "What the fuck are you doing out here? The meeting's
in like two minutes and we're gonna be late."
"I'm trying to get inside but I can't!" I cry, throwing my hands up in the air. "My keycard's
messed up!"
Donald Trumbs flies through the door and I try to follow behind but Tucker stops me once
again, stepping in front of me and shaking his head with authority.
"Seriously?" I yell.
Donald turns around and quickly assesses the situation. "Oh, he's fine Tucker. Let him
through."
Turker glances back at Donald, and then nods and allows me to pass without a hint of
hesitation. "Good god, thank you." I gasp in frustration, and then struggle to catch up to the
heartthrob as he barrels ahead through a series of long, sterile hallways.
"You didn't get the email about picking up your new keycard?" Donald Trumbs asks. "The
whole security system's been revamped from the ground up."
I'm almost positive that I didn't get an email, but just to make sure I pull out my phone as we
walk and open up my mailbox. There are no messages saying anything about a new security system.
"I didn't get anything." I tell him.
Donald shrugs. "Maybe they forgot to send it to you? I don't know."
As if I didn't already feel invisible enough in this crowd of scientists, now I'm not even on the
official laboratory mailing list.
I put my phone back into my pocket and almost immediately Donald and I arrive at the
conference room of our meeting, which has already started. Donald pushes through the door and I
follow behind, immediately halting the voice of our T-Rex boss, Doctor Cobbler, who stands before a
giant, oblong table full of other scientists and lab technicians.
Everyone simultaneously turns to look at us as we head to either side of the table and quietly
slip into the only two empty seats left.
"John Hams." Doctor Cobbler nods. "Donald, so glad you could make it."
"I'm sorry, Doctor." Donald says. "I just lost track of time this morning, it won't happen
again."
Doctor Cobbler gives him an accepting smile of sharp, bladelike teeth, something that I
completely did not expect. Cobbler is the definition of a hard ass dinosaur, especially when it comes
to being punctual. I look back and forth between the two of them as it slowly dawns on me that they
are probably fucking.
I try my best to stay calm, but it's a real struggle to maintain my mood against the tide of anger
and frustration that washes over me.
Doctor Cobbler turns his attention to me now. "And you, John Hams? What's your excuse?"
I sit up in my chair almost immediately, trying to look as professional as possible. "My
keycard isn't working for some reason. I was standing right outside the front door forever this
morning trying to get in."
Doctor Cobbler's eyes brim with annoyance and disappointment. "You didn't read the email
about security being updated around here? Project Handsome Helicopter is at an incredibly
important phase, we need to step everything up at this point."
"I know." I tell him, desperately trying to explain. "It's not that I didn't read the email, I
didn't even get it."
Doctor Cobbler sighs loudly through his large dinosaur snout.
I can't help but notice some of the other scientist around the table exchanging quick glances,
reveling in the fact that I'm about to be taken to task by our boss.
"Just…" Doctor Cobbler starts, clearly upset. He pauses for a moment and then tries again.
"I'm sorry. We're all under a lot of stress right now, myself included. Just go see Hank in lab
seventeen, he'll set up with a new keycard."
"Thank you." I say with a nod, then stand up and quickly exit the conference room.
As the door closes behind me I can't help but hear Donald add. "Well, I got the email!"
I start making my way deeper into the facility, seething, but trying my best to hurry back for the
rest of the meeting. Time to suck it up, I tell myself. This has become my daily mantra.
The farther I get, however, the more my frustration evolves into a genuine lack of care. I feel
like I am up against a wall and, at this point, any more effort from my end is just going to go to waist.
As the token frumpy, celibate guy who won't bang billionaire dinosaurs around here, I could probably
show back up in the conference room a week from now and people would barely notice.
By now, my pace has evolved into what could only be described as a mosey; sauntering down
the halls and peering into the windows of various laboratories that are well beyond my clearance
level. I've still got a lot of area to cover before I reach lab seventeen, so I might as well see if I can
scope out something interesting while I'm at it.
I suddenly realize that this is the emptiest I've seen the lab here since I started working at
Buttcorp; all of the head scientists in conference with Doctor Cobbler while the lower level
technicians are at home for the day, waiting for the new security protocols to be implemented. The
whole time that I've been walking, I haven't run across a single other living soul.
Having not seen the most recent developments in Project Handsome Helicopter for myself, all
of this precaution seems a little unnecessary, but I suppose that if it's anything like they say it is, we
have reason to be fearful.
Project Handsome Helicopter is the first stage of a technology that Buttcorp has been
contracted to develop for the United States military, specifically the Special Operations Taskforce.
It's not the first work we've done for the military, but it's certainly the most secretive and well
guarded; with all of our employees signing gag orders almost immediately after locking down the
official bid for the job.
The basic premise of this project is a practical application of the nanotechnogly that I helped
create here at Buttcorp when I first arrived two years ago.
For those you don't spend your lives buried in thick computer science textbooks,
Nanotechnology is an exciting, and frankly horrifying, new field of robotics.
It's simple enough. Take a robot and make it smaller, then smaller, and then smaller still; until
the robot itself is the size of a cell.
We are all made of building blocks that are fused together in just the right way to create the
shape of a human being, billions upon billions of atoms stacked in a pile that can eventually walk and
talk and grow. Some people find this method of looking at the universe as sad and lonely, breaking
everything down to a scale that's so analytical and scientific that it leaves no room for those
incredible moments of magic that life is all about.
I, on the other hand, think that this is where the magic truly lies, right down here at the base
level of all existence. It's why I became a computer scientist in the first place.
Once you have robots this small, there is no telling what you can do. Stack enough cell sized
nanobots in the right arrangement and you've got yourself a bowl of ice cream, with absolutely no
difference in taste or sensation when compared to the real thing. Even living creatures are made up of
cells that can be replicated with nanobot programming; a tiny insect, a playful dog, or even a human
being. Most importantly, we are creating the ability for any normal man to transform himself into a
handsome helicopter with great abs and a killer smile.
When people talk about scientists going too far and playing god, this is exactly the type of
thing they are talking about. It's a dangerous game, but if we don't harness this technology then
someone else will.
Project Handsome Helicopter is Buttcorp's first attempt at combining nanobots with a
human's natural biology, allowing the tiny machines to fuse with the cellular structure of a willing
host through the means of a simple injection. Once this is done, the applications are endless, but we
are starting simple enough.
Our first goal is to program our nanobots with the ability to change a person's physical
appearance at will.
Essentially, we're on the verge of creating real world helicopter shape shifting. Hell, with
enough scientific progress and long hours at the lab, we could eventually start turning people into cute
jet planes.
The process is still a long ways off for human beings, but we've tested it on rats and already
received astonishing results. In one study, the rodents were put into a tank with a portion of food
located on the other side of a clear glass panel. Rats certainly can't fly, but they can after turning
themselves into tiny little helicopters.
After their injection, however, It only took ten minutes for the rats to shift into very, very
attractive helicopters and fly up over the tank's divider.
It was incredible to watch, and had I not seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed
in a million years that this kind of technology was even possible.
Of course, all of the rats died only hours later, their bodies eventually changing into shapes
not meant to support biological life. We've tried everything that we could to revise our nanobot code
into a stable program, but all of the trails have been failures.
At this point we've narrowed the programming down into four distinct nanobot codes; but
without more testing, we're not quite sure which one is going to remain stable, if any.
I finally reach laboratory seventeen and try swiping my keycard, only to find that the entire
card scanner doesn't exist. Instead, there is a gaping hole where the machine used to be, the lock left
wide open. I must have arrived here at the precise moment of transformation, the building itself
changing right before my very eyes as we upgrade security systems.
I slowly push the door to the lab open and peer into the darkness. The overhead lights are off
but the room is abuzz with all sorts of flickering displays, running at full speed in the dark as they
process data. I've never been in here before, so I'm not sure what to expect, but I'm damn near
positive that this isn't the right place for me to receive my new keycard.
"Hello?" I call out into the void, stepping through the threshold of the doorway. There has
definitely been a mistake, and I realize almost immediately that, in his rush, Doctor Cobbler had told
me to go to lab seventeen instead of lab seven. This room was way beyond my security clearance.
The second that I realize my mistake I hear footsteps approaching down the long hallway
behind me, and my heart skips a beat. I'm already on thin ice as it is and, based on my experience in
the conference room this morning, I have no doubt that Doctor Cobbler will have little patience to
hear out my explanation for being in a restricted area, even if it's his own damn fault.
If there's one thing powerful dinosaurs hate doing, it's admitting that they were wrong.
With only a few seconds to spare, I decide to duck back into the darkness, hiding away under
what I assume is a large desk. I try to remain as silent as possible.
From here I can see two figures talking briefly in the hallway. Soon, they get back to work
installing the laboratory door's new card reader.
I try my best to breathe quietly, scooting as far back into the corner as I can while the two
unassuming men work on their installation.
"Did you see what was in that last room?" One of the guys asks, his voice trembling.
"We're not here to judge." Says his coworker, solemnly.
"Those poor little mice, they were all stretched out and…" the man trails off, clearly upset.
"Warped. I don't' know. They were spinning around the tank like little broken helicopters."
"They were rats." Says the man. "Not mice."
"I don't give a fuck what they were." The first guy replies. "They were living things."
Suddenly, he bursts into a fit of tears, unable to control himself.
"Jumbi!" The man shouts. "You need to get a hold of yourself! We've got a job to do!"
Jumbi can barely speak through the tears. "I install fucking security systems, Dan! I didn't
sign up to work for some mad scientist."
The two of them fight for a while, with Dan struggling to keep Jumbi together while he throws
professionalism out the window for the sake of a few rat corpses.
To be fair, though, when the experiments don't go as planned and the nanobot programs
become corrupted, the results can be pretty horrific. I've gotten used to it at this point, but for
someone who's never seen such a thing I'm not all that surprised by his reaction.
Eventually, Jumbi loses control completely and devolves into a blubbering mess, sobbing
uncontrollably.
"Alright, you need to go." Dan finally says. "You can't come in here and lose it like this over
someone else's job!"
"I know! I know!" Jumbi repeats. "I'm sorry."
Dan lets out a long sigh. "Okay, just… you need to get out of here. Why don't you head home
for the day?"
Jumbi stops for a moment, sniffling loudly. It would appear that he likes this idea. "You
sure?" He asks.
"Yeah, just don't let them see you crying on the way out." Dan says.
Through a small window in the door, I can see Jumbi's silhouette stand up and wipe the tears
away from his eyes.
Jumbi seems young and slightly too fragile to be spending his time in a place like this.
"I'm a mess." Jumbi moans. "They're gonna see me like this."
Dan tosses him his jacket. "Just put that over your head and head straight for the door. I don't
care if it looks weird, I don't want anyone to see that you've been crying. They hired us knowing that
you were a helicopter and I had to convince them that you could handle it. My ass is on the line here,
got that? Be professional."
"Got it." Jumbi confirms. "I'm sorry, boss."
"Good." Dan says. "Now get out of here, fly straight home."
The teary eyed man leaves quickly as Dan continues to work on the door's new security
panel. I get the feeling that these two wouldn't have cared about finding me in here, or wouldn't have
even known that I shouldn't be hanging around. Now that I've been hiding in the dark for a while,
though, coming out and surprising him just seems incredibly creepy and weird.
It doesn't take long for Dan to finish working though, and just as quickly as he began the man
is gone once more, moving off down the hall towards the next installation on his list.
I let out a long sigh of relief and begin to climb out from under wherever I've found myself
hidden beneath, but my movement is abruptly stopped when I accidentally kick a long metal beam and
hear a deafening metallic slam from all around me.
Immediately, my entire field of vision is assaulted with blinding white light, and I quickly
realize that I'm now trapped within some just of large, coffin-like metallic box. My brain in a
complete panic, I start pounding my firsts against the walls, screaming as loud as I can for someone to
rescue me from this strange contraption. Seconds later, the box begins to fill with a bizarre, sweet
smelling smoke, which causes me to choke and cough wildly.
I have no idea what I'm inhaling, but the fear that comes along with this foreign invasion of my
body kicks my panic into overdrive, clawing at the walls of my airtight chamber with more ferocity
than I've ever known.
"Help!" I scream, trying now to kick out the floor below me. "I'm trapped!"
Suddenly, a low hum starts to shake the entire chamber, rumbling up through my body and
vibrating me faster and faster until my eyes hurt and my teeth chatter loudly. The bright white light
shifts into a strange green hue and then begins to flicker, completely disorienting me and causing me to
let out a sickly moan.
My entire body feels blazing hot now, as if I've suddenly been hit with a powerful fever. It
tingles and burns across my entirety, spreading from the top of my head all the way down to my feet as
I contort spastically with discomfort. I feel as though my skin is painfully expanding and contracting
with every breath that I take, the heat growing and growing until finally it shifts into a pleasant
numbness.