I feel as though the wind has been knocked out of me, my soul completely deflated as I stand
here surrounded by people, yet completely alone. If I hadn't just moments before satiated my
powerful sexual desires, then I would assuredly be spinning into yet another session of vapid lustful
fucking. Instead, I feel nothing but an overwhelming sadness.
After standing here in silence for some unknown amount of time, I notice a group of large men
in security uniforms walking directly towards me.
"Sir?" The largest of the bunch asks as he approaches. "Are you Mr. John Hams?"
I nod, still in a daze from the devastating loss of Yorb, the image of this incredible dinosaur
walking right out of my life just repeating over and over again in my head.
"Could you come with us please?" The man asks.
Snapping out of it, I size the men up and immediately realize that running is no use, they are
massive and carry tasers strapped to their belts. I nod again, and soon the group of us is crossing the
casino floor towards an unmarked door, two of the guards behind me and two in the front. I'm
vaguely aware of the strangeness that they know my name, given the fact that I checked in under
Yorb's reservation, but I'm too defeated at the moment to care.
The exit leads to a stretch of white walled hallway that we continue down until reaching a
second door, which is opened for me. The men do not follow me inside, but instead motion towards a
chair in the middle of an otherwise empty room for me to sit at. The walls are cement, save for one,
which appears to be one-way glass.
"Have a seat, John." One of the large men says. "The pit boss will be in shortly to speak
with you."
I nod and take a seat in the chair as the men leave, locking the door behind them. It's only
now that I realize how much trouble I might be in, but without knowing exactly what kind, or why, I
still somehow refrain from panicking. My senses are numb with heartbreak.
It's not long before the door opens up and a man steps inside, his face long and fearsome and
his eyes set deep like dark, black pools.
"Hello, John." He says. "Thank you for your cooperation."
I smile as pleasantly as I can. "Of course."
"I'm Randall Torrance, the pit boss here at The Keen Dangler casino." The man explains,
standing before me menacingly as I look up from my seat in the chair. "It looks like you've been
enjoying your stay."
"How do you mean?" I ask.
"Well, we have camera's everywhere. You know this, right?" He counters.
"So?"
"First of all, we don't allow that kind of activity in our restrooms." Randall tells me with a
slight scoff. "But, what really caught my eye was the… helicopter shape shifting."
I try to play dumb and give him an awkward laugh, "What?"
"Listen, we have everything on high definition video." Randall tells me. "I watched it myself
about ten times before we approached you, but it's there."
My heart is now pounding out of my chest and I'm kicking myself for letting this get so out of
control. It was one thing for my secret to be contained, but now it's getting out into the world and, at
this point, the consequences are beyond prediction. There's no stopping it now.
"Are you aware that you're wanted by the FBI?" Randall asks me.
I shake my head. "No, what for?"
Randall pulls a sheet of paper out of the inside pocket of his finely tailored jacket and unfolds
it, reading aloud. "Theft of government property and treason."
"Shit." I instinctively mumble aloud, realizing what this means.
Detectives Kellogg and Peek have gone back over the footage from Buttcorp and confirmed
that I was lying, and now I've become a threat to national security.
"According to the information that we've gathered, it would appear that you've pissed off
somebody at Buttcorp enough to get the feds involved." Randall tells me, confirming my suspicions.
"You took your Vegas vacation at the right time but, unfortunately, changing shape like that isn't a
good way of laying low."
"Please." I counter. "You don't understand, it's not my fault."
Randall smirks. "Who's fault it is is none of my business." He tells me. "Keeping this
casino running is my business and, despite my fascination with your apparent ability, criminals like
yourself are not welcome here. There's no telling how much havok you could cause if you were to
spin that rotor on the casino floor."
"But you allow other living objects!" I counter. "I've seen living helicopters in here! Living
jet planes!"
"But you're a human." The man interjects angrily. "A shifter. An abomination. The police
are on their way."
Stung by true discrimination for the first time, I start to protest, to beg him for my release, but
at this point I'm not even sure if it matters anymore. Maybe a cold hard cell is exactly what I need,
having lost control of myself to the point where I'm hurting those closest to me, extinguishing the
potential for love before it even starts. I'm exhausted, tired of running and hiding.
"Okay." I finally say. "That's probably for the best."
Randall nods. "Good."
It takes only a few seconds for my leg to start shaking, trembling as though an earthquake is
coursing through the chair below me. I reach down and try to hold myself still but before I know it
the strange sensation is pulsing through my arm and then suddenly my entire body is trembling.
Unsure of what's happening I look back over my shoulder at the one way glass behind me, which
shows off my distorted and shifting face in its reflection.
My transition between personalities is no longer within my control.
"Oh fuck," I manage to stammer.
The next thing I know, I'm transforming into a massive, handsome helicopter, my blades
breaking free from the chair below me and smashing it to pieces.
Randall is completely awestruck by both my incredible transformation and my equally
incredible body. His mouth hangs agape, eyes firmly drawn down towards my ripped abs.
"You gonna keep staring like that or are you gonna be a man and touch them?" I ask in a voice
that's not my own.
Randall looks conflicted, a professional torn between his job and his hardwired sexual
compulsion for nice abs.
Trapped within the body of Chibs Pratt, I suddenly realize that if I don't defend myself against
capture then he will. We share one another's cellular structure, taking turns as we rent out the being
that was once solely my own, but with sharing comes a commitment to preservation. At least, until I
can find a means of shutting him down for good.
"Stop this." Randall says, slowly and carefully, as if forcing the words from his mouth.
Chibs lets his massive, engorged cock hang down from the bottom of his hull. "You don't like
me?" He coos.
Randall shakes his head. "Stop."
Chibs beckons towards Randall with a blade, coaxing the man to come closer and closer.
Sure enough, even he is unable to resist the charms of such a perfectly shaped aircraft.
The man takes two steps towards us as we tilt back on our boom tail, exposing ourselves to
him completely.
"Would you like to give it a suck?" Chibs asks.
Unable to resist such an incredible helicopter cock, Randall nods and climbs down to the
floor, now crawling towards us on his hands and knees. Chibs places our blades on the back of his
head and begins to pump Randall onto our throbbing dick when suddenly, he uses all of his force to
propel him down onto the floor with a loud crack.
Randall immediately collapses onto the ground before us with a broken nose, or worse,
completely unconscious as a small pool of blood starts to bloom across the concrete floor around
him. We tilt back up and Chibs looks directly at us in the reflection of the one way glass, then says to
me, "Alright, I took care of the dirty work, now you get us out of here."
Suddenly, I'm trembling again, unable to stop the transformation as I swiftly turn back into
myself.
Almost immediately, I can hear shouting from behind the glass. Knowing that I only have a
few seconds to react, I make a break for the door and then burst out into the long white hallway.
I wasn't paying nearly enough attention coming in, so my first and most important question is
to determine which way leads out. Looking up and down the hallway, it's almost impossible to say,
each of them appearing to me seemingly endless stretches of sterile corridor.
"John Hams!" I suddenly hear familiar voice shouting.
I turn to see Yorb waving me towards him down the hallway to my left, while a group of
security guards come barreling out of a doorway to my right.
I take off running towards the beautiful stegosaurus, who waits until I reach him and then
begins to sprint along beside me as we make our way through the maze. Fortunately, he seems to
know exactly where he's going.
The next thing I know, we are plowing through an exit door that leads to an alleyway behind
the casino, where Yorb's car is waiting in what is surely not a legal space. We jump inside just as the
security guards exit the casino behind us, but by the time they've reached the street we are already
flying out across the asphalt at blinding speeds, Yorb's low riding vehicle tearing around the corner
with a loud roar.
Moments later, we're several blocks away, panting loudly as Yorb and me catch our breath.
"Thank you." I say, hardly able to get the words out. "Oh my god, thank you so much, Yorb."
Yorb is still brooding, his eyes focused directly ahead through the windshield. "You're
welcome."
"How'd you know where to find me?" I ask.
"I saw them take you away." He explains. "And I followed them. Besides, the guts of these
giant casinos are all pretty much the same, and I've seen my share of back rooms." The light at our
intersection turns green, but Yorb doesn't go anywhere. "Where to now?"
I'm suddenly hit with a moment of panic. "Do you have our stuff? Is my laptop in here?"
Yorb nods. "I went up and grabbed it all from the room."
I'm so happy to hear this that I reach out across the center console and wrap my arms around
Yorb, hugging him tight and giving him a kiss on the cheek.
He tries not to react, still upset with me, but I see the slightest hint of a smile flare up at the
corner of his dinosaur lips. A car honks behind us.
"Where to?" Yorb repeats. "You destroyed my Vegas detox, so now it's your call where we
go to fix all of this."
I pull out my phone and read aloud an address the cars navigation system. "1820 Desert Inn
Rd."
The cars computer whirs to life, calculating the fastest path to get us there.
"1820 Desert Inn Rd." The car's computer voice announces. "Buck Trungle's Electronics."
Yorb glances over at me as he takes off across the intersection. "You've got a lot of
explaining to do, Helicopter Man." He says.
The best thing about a guy who's seen the world, like Yorb, is that he's open to new ideas,
even if those ideas sound utterly insane at first. This couldn't be more apparent than when I finished
explaining to him the way I'd been trapped in a chamber and, unwillingly, been exposed to these
nanobots, giving life to a repressed and destructive side of my personality named Chibs Pratt.
I suppose it's easier after you see someone change into a helicopter right before your very
eyes, but what is even more astonishing than his belief is his forgiveness; Forgiveness for lying,
forgiveness for destroying his prior relationship, and forgiveness for dragging him into this mess.
Of course, true unconditional forgiveness is hard, but it's a little easier when you have a split
personality to blame. Even I can't be sure how much of these digressions were Chibs and how much
of them were caused by my own sick jealousy.
Yorb and I do agree on one thing, however. That Chibs Pratt needs to be shut down for good,
before he hurts anyone else or causes me to be relegated to the inside of a test tube for the rest of my
life.
As we fly through the desert I sit in the passenger seat of Yorb's powerful sports car,
programming away at my laptop as we close in on our destination.
"So you think you can hack into the nanobots without all of your equipment from the lab?"
Yorb questions, the third time that he's asked me this already.
"Hopefully," I admit. "I mean, the hard part is getting them in there, controlling them is fairly
easy, actually, because they are programmed to listen to the commands in my own brain."
"So why can't you just tell them to shut down yourself?" Yorb asks.
"In a effort to keep the nanobot program from corrupting, which was a huge hurdle for us in
the lab, we started coding in a self preservation algorithm." I explain. "In other words, once the
program has entered its host, it's going to do everything that it can to stay alive."
"Like artificial intelligence?" Yorb asks.
"In a limited form, yes, although not enough for the program to become self aware." I say. "It
cannot take control of the host."
Yorb flashes me a skeptical look and I immediately realize what I've said.
"Looks like you should have kept things little more limited." Yorb tells me.
I nod. "Yeah, we should have." In some ways I like this theory, that the terrible things I've
been doing as Chibs were actually products of intelligence within the program itself, and not a
desperate explosion of my own pent up helicopter subconscious.
I feel a tiny bit of guilt lifted up off of my shoulders, but only slightly.
"So what do you need from this computer store?" Yorb asks.
"Simple stuff, really." I say. "Most of what I need is already right here as software on this
computer. Other than that, it's just going to take a router, a large external hard drive and a few
specialty cables that will hopefully be in stock."
"Sounds good." Yorb says, nodding. He looks over at me, the anger and disappointment
finally fading from his yellow eyes as I glance up from my computer screen and meet his gaze.
"You're gonna be okay." The dinosaur tells me.
His assurance hits me right in the heart, warming me to the core in a time when I need it the
most. Unfortunately, all I can think to say in response is, "I'm sorry."
Yorb nods in understanding, then pulls out his coin with on hand and shoves it into its special
slot in the dashboard. "Don't mention it." He responds.
I spot a small, desolate building coming into view in the distance. It looks as though it was
once a gas station, now converted into a small, strange computer workshop on the edge of the Las
Vegas county line. There's nothing else for miles but open road and empty stretches of golden desert
sand.
"There it is!" I shout excitedly.
We pull into the dusty parking lot and jump out immediately, jogging over to the front doors
and ripping them open. A bell jingles loudly above my head as we step inside, apparently the only
customers that have been on the premises in quite a while.
"Hello?" I call out, making my way deeper and deeper into the hallways cluttered with all
kinds of strange, miscellaneous computer equipment.
There's a bit of shuffling from the back room and then suddenly a totally ripped, gray haired
man emerges, pushing his thick rimmed glasses up onto his nose.
"Buck Trungle?" I ask.
"Can I help you?" Comes his response, slightly bewildered by my excitement at his odd little
shop.
"Yes." I smile. "Handing him a list of parts that I'll be needing."
Buck Trungle nods. "I think we've got what you're looking for."