Moments later, the vibration below me slows and soon enough I find myself whole again, the
lights within the chamber flickering off and the lid above me popping open with a loud hiss.
I crawl out into the darkness coughing, trying to collect my bearings on the lab floor.
It takes a while, but eventually I'm able to climb to my feet and stagger over to the room's
main light switch, which I flick on immediately and then spin around.
What I see makes me gasp in astonishment.
There before me is a stack of four strange chambers, inlaid into the back wall of the lab from
floor to ceiling and surrounded by a plethora of strange, scientific equipment.
It takes me a moment to put everything together, but the second that I see the familiar nanobots
containment system, I know exactly what this is. Buttcorp has been secretly developing an airborne
delivery system for the Project Handsome Helicopter, and each chamber represents a different
version of the code.
Even more terrifying, though, is the realization that I've now been exposed.
Suddenly, I feel as though the floor is falling out from under me. I grab onto the wall and try
to stable myself, reeling from the news that my very existence could be snuffed out any second from
now.
The nanobot code is still incredibly unstable. Not only could these be my very last breaths of
life, but there is a very, very good chance that they will be.
However, I'm smart enough to understand that, at this point, any amount of panicking will only
add to the instability of the program, and looking down at my hand I can already see the results of this
hypothesis. My fingers have started to jut off in strange directions, contorting and pulling themselves
together like the blade of a helicopter. It's not painful, really, but it certainly is terrifying, especially
because I know what will happen if the program becomes too unstable.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck." I start to mutter to myself, holding my hand up to my face as it slowly
becomes flatter and flatter. "Stay calm, John. Get it together."
The word ‘calm' comes out all slurred and weird, and I glance down to see that part of my lip
is drifting out away from my body, becoming translucent like the front window of an aircraft.
Suddenly, my thoughts jump to all of the mental work I've put in throughout the years with my
meetings. The way that I've managed to master my thoughts and feelings, cultivating a system of
tranquility that has kept me stable and sane, without a single relapse. I may be literally falling apart,
but my mind is trained and stable as a rock.
Instead of screaming out in fear, I remain silent and I turn my thoughts inward, focusing on my
breathing as I attempt to lower my heart rate.
Shockingly, it works, and before I know it my fingers are slowly but surely returning to their
original form. The program is stabilizing.
Once everything is back where it belongs, I breathe out a thankful sigh of relief. The code
now imbedded within my cells could, and probably will, still corrupt over time, but at least that time
is not right now.
Quickly collecting myself, both literally and figuratively, I turn around and try to open the
laboratory door, finding it to be firmly locked from both the inside and the out. Without a new
keycard there's no hope for me, and even if I did have one I still wouldn't possess the security
clearance to get in here. In other words, I'm fucked.
Of course, someone will eventually come by and find me in here, but what happens then?
Best-case scenario, they will see that the forth chamber has been triggered and I'll be quarantined
indefinitely (They can do this, I've read the fine print in my employment contract top to bottom). I
don't even want to think about the worst-case scenario, especially now that the United States
government is involved.
Flashes of tiny, cold isolation cells and military tribunals flash through my head. Sure, I still
have my rights, but now that the nanobots have completely fused with the structure of my body, I'm
technically a piece of Buttcorp, and government, property. They have every right to do with me
whatever they want.
I'll admit it, maybe I'm just being paranoid about the whole thing. But I'd rather not have to
find out the hard way.
I have to get out of here.
Suddenly, it feels as if a switch has been flipped in my brain and I go into full-on problem
solver mode. I'm focused and sharp, scanning my surroundings for anything that could help me
escape this lab before someone returns. The meeting should be ending any moment now, giving me
very little time to make my move.
Using the keypad is a dead end, encrypted well beyond anything I could hope to decipher even
if I had my laptop handy. The door itself is made of solid steel and it's not going anywhere.
My gaze finally stops at the bottom of the door, focusing on the crack between it's solid metal
face and the floor below. There's not even close to enough room for an arm to slip under it, but
certainly enough for a helicopter blade.
I close my eyes and try my best to focus on the rhythm of my body, the way that it feels to
simply exist within my own shell. I take it all in; the sensation of my lungs expanding and contracting,
my heart thumping, my veins pushing blood throughout my entire being.
Once I've done this, I turn my attention to the molecules of my neck and arms, trying to
imagine them stretching and pulling apart like taffy, transforming into the body of a handsome
helicopter. It's not long before the internal sensation of myself starts to shift. I open my eyes and find
that I'm extending towards door crack, my arm elongating itself in a strange but beautiful arc that
quickly evolves into a flattened blade.
To my surprise, my clothes stretch around me, as well, somehow infused with the same
nanobots that make up my biology. Everything that was locked inside that chamber with me is now
one, single entity.
Soon, I find my arm slipping under the door and then drifting upwards towards the outside
handle. I tug on it and, as I suspected, with the new keycard system I am still stuck, regardless of
which side I try to open the door from. There's only one option left.
In one swift movement I swipe my helicopter blade from left to right, chopping the lock off
and letting it clatter down onto the floor below. The door creaks slowly open as I transform back into
a human.
Briskly, I walk down the hallway towards the nearest exit, aching for freedom from this living
nightmare until sudden I stop dead in my tracks. There, staring down at me, are the new laboratory
security cameras.
All of that work I spent avoiding exposure was for nothing, because I know for a fact that the
second I get home, the Department of Homeland Security will come knocking within the hour.
Everything has been caught on tape; my security breach, the nanobot exposure, and even my
supernatural transformation into a sexy helicopter.
I let out a long sigh, defeated, until I'm suddenly hit with yet another idea.
The security office is close by, and the hard drives that record these video feeds are sitting out
in the open, just waiting for me to unplug them and take off without a trace of evidence left behind.
Theft of Buttcorp, and government, property only adds to the long list of problems I already have to
deal with, but I've already gone too far to stop now. Besides, the second I step out that door I'm
technically stealing myself.
Without a moment to spare, I turn on my heels and head back towards the security office.
When I arrive, I'm met with yet another hurtle. The office is not only locked, but currently
being manned by a young velociraptor, fresh out of college and about my age. The dino stares blankly
at his computer screen. I can only see him through a small slit of glass in the room's door, but from
this angle I can plainly manage to make out the subtle reflection of hardcore gay porn reflecting off of
the man's stylish eyewear.
"Shit." I say aloud, spotting the hard drives of security footage that sit on the shelf behind
him, slowly filling with data.
Once again my brain flips into emergency mode, coolly assessing the options at hand, of
which there are very few. If I was a bombshell like Donald, I could simply walk in there, give the
new guy a few playful winks and then take the drive without him even batting an eye. However, these
day's I'm having trouble even getting noticed at all, let alone ogled and lusted after.
Suddenly, it hits me. Maybe now, I can be a bombshell like Donald.
I focus intently on the internal workings of my body once again, only this time I start to let my
imagination run wild. I picture my arms transforming into massive, steel blades, I imagine myself
with perfectly toned curves that turn my body into a spherical metal and glass frame, and a set of abs
that would make jaws drop.
Once again, my transformation is painless, but strange. It doesn't take long, and suddenly I
find myself pulling out my phone to get a look at my imagination's handwork with the front-facing
camera.
The results are shocking, to say the least, and absolutely surreal. There is a completely
different being staring back at me from the tiny screen of my phone, an unrecognizable helicopter face
that, had I seen out on the street, would more than likely fill me with bitterness than excitement at its
pure, almost surreal mechanical beauty. Instead, a slow smile now creeps across my new visage.
Filled with a pristine confidence, I rap hard against the security office door with one of my
blades.
It takes a while for the new guy to zip up his pants, but eventually he saunters over and throws
open the door angrily. The second that he sees my face, however, everything changes.
"Whoa." The guy says, dumbstruck by my vehicular beauty.
His reaction is so severe that it takes me off guard for a moment. Is this really what it's like to
be a handsome living object?
For the first few seconds I freeze up, the two of us standing here in awkward silence as we
stare at each other. The man's change in demeanor is so severe that my initial reaction is to assume
that he's joking, my brain barely able to accept the possibility that he could be that taken with my
outward appearance.
"Hey there." I finally say. "What are you watchin'?"
The guy hesitates, still incredibly unsure of himself. "Nothing." He finally says. "Security
footage. Can I help you?"
"Oh yeah?" I coo, ignoring his question and reaching down to take the name tag on his
uniform between my cool copter blades. "Does Tucker know what you're doing in here while you're
supposed to be paying attention, Greg?"
Greg plays dumb. "I don't know what you're talking about."
"You're not watching porn in here, are you?" I ask, giving him a little wink. "Because that's
kinda what it looked like to me."
The raw sexual power that I wield now as a helicopter would be intoxicating enough, but in
the hands of someone who's been celibate from billionaire dinosaurs for two years, like myself, it's
like giving a baby the keys to a nuclear arsenal. I try to pull myself back a bit, to restrain my thoughts
from disappearing too far down the rabbit hole of lust and excitement, but it's already too late. I
don't care if he's rich or poor; any velociraptor is close enough.
"No, I wasn't watching porn." Greg scoffs, trying a little too hard to feign his innocence.
"Who are you? I haven't seen you around the lab before."
I think for a moment, pursing my lips. Suddenly, a name just comes to me. "Mr. Chibs Pratt."
I tell him. "Well Greg, it's too bad you're not watching any porn in here, I love porn."
Greg's dumb dinosaur eyes suddenly light up as I say this. I notice now that he's literally
shaking as he stands before me, cowering in the presence of such a gorgeously constructed vehicle.
"You do?" He stammers.
"Oh yeah." I say, pushing up against him as I make my way into the room and shutting the door
behind me. "It makes me so fucking horny."
I'm lying. I haven't watched a porno in years thanks to my sex-addicted prehistoric celibacy,
but from what I remember it all seemed a little too fake to me. I suppose there's a time and a place
for that kind of thing, but it's not like I'm dying for it on a daily basis.
Greg however, is completely eating it up. I have him in the palm of my blade already, but
teasing him like this is so much fun that I continue laying it on thick.
"Want to show me?" I ask in a deep, helicopter tone.
"Show you?" The security officer responds, his face turning bright red.
I laugh. "The porno you were watching. Maybe I could help you take a load off or
something."
Suddenly, sobriety alarm bells are going off deep within my brain. I can't relapse, and as fun
as this is I'm drifting dangerously close to the edge. It doesn't help matters that Greg the velociraptor
is actually pretty cute in an unassuming kind of way.
I just need to get the drive and get out of here, I reaffirm, collecting my thoughts.
"Sure. I guess you can see it if you really want." Greg offers, walking back around the desk
and sitting down in his chair. An image is paused on the laptop screen, and as I follow Greg and
stand behind him I suddenly find myself with a perfect view. On there computer is the hardcore
depiction of a T-Rex and a jet plane in the troughs of passion, there bodies intertwined as this
muscular, handsome guy penetrates the plane deeply.
Greg presses the spacebar and the images instantly come to life, dancing across the laptop
screen in vivid colors of silver and green. The office is filled with exaggerated moans of pleasure.
Trying my best to focus, I reach back behind me with one hand and unplug the currently
running hard drive, then carefully slide it off of the counter and slip it inside my lab coat.
I breathe out a sigh of relief, happy to have the evidence of my exposure secured, but as I turn
to leave the office something stops me.
My eyes are now transfixed onto computer screen, following the beautiful porn star bodies as
the rock together in a million shifting pixels. Greg looks up at me to see my reaction, and when he
notices that I'm not recoiling in horror he smiles.
"Pretty hot, huh?" Greg asks.
I nod, not saying a word. I can suddenly feel one of my empty blades, unburdened by the hard
drive, slipping its way down from Greg's shoulder and along his chest. Lower and lower it goes,
drifting dangerously closer to the waistband of his jeans.
Greg's breathing is heavy now, and I can see that his member has swelled to an enormous size
within the fabric of his pants, just waiting from me to set it free. Greg repositions himself
uncomfortably, aching to be touched.
"Need a hand?" I ask him.
"Yes." Greg sighs, and then begins to undo his belt buckle.
I realize now that I'm shaking with, not only anticipation, but fear. It's been years since I've
seen a thick green dinosaur cock, and with good reason. My abstinence means too much to me to just
throw it away, but seeing the lust in Greg's eyes is just so hard to turn down. I've never known what
it was like to be seen like this; as a prize, a trophy, a helicopter.
Still, I need to stop.
I try and retract my hand, but my subconscious desires let it drift lower and lower across
Greg's bare reptilian abs. He let's out a soft whimper as my fingers creep under the waistband of his
boxer briefs.
Stop. I tell myself, but it's no use.
I feel my helicopter blade wrap slowly around his massive, rock hard rod and the two of us
gasp at the same time. Greg sinks back into his chair and closes his eyes, letting out a long sigh of
satisfaction as he reels from the sensation of my cool touch.
Suddenly, the gravity of what I'm doing hits me like a ton of bricks. I'm sick to my stomach as
I release Greg from my grasp, immediately turning around and heading for the door of the office.
"Hey! Where are you going?" The young security officer shouts in startled confusion.
The next thing I know, I'm barreling down the hallway towards the back exit of the Buttcorp
facility, tears streaming down my face despite my best efforts to keep them contained within.
I hit the exit door hard and suddenly a loud, blaring alarm is sounding in my ears. I
immediately send my blades into a furious spin, propelling myself up into the sky. Almost
immediately, I hear voices shouting below and I turn back around to see Tucker and some armed
military personal standing at the doorway. Fortunately, the last place that they look is up and by the
time they do I have long since disappeared in the great blue.
I fly across the city as fast as I can, finally landing in my own front yard and then immediately
turning back into a human before anyone has a chance to notice.