"My name is John Hams and I'm a billionaire dinosaur sex addict." I tell the group, sitting in
my familiar spot in the church basement on Hollywood Blvd.
"Hi John Hams." The group responds in turn.
"It's been one day since my last sexual encounter." I announce.
The silence is deafening. I look around the circle of familiar faces and see that all of them are
staring back at me in complete shock. For two years, I had been one of the most solid members here,
the last person that anyone would expect to relapse. I guess it happens to everyone as some point.
Forbok and me lock eyes for a moment and, despite his best efforts to hide it, he looks utterly
heartbroken; understanding, but heartbroken non-the-less.
"I relapsed last night." I continue. "Pretty hard, actually."
There is a long pause as I try to collect my thoughts. The events of the last few days are just
too unbelievable, and potentially dangerous, to share. Even though these meetings are the safest
environments that I know, I need to tread carefully.
"I found myself in situation that I'm not really used to." I explain. "This dinosaur really
wanted me, and not just because he wanted to fuck someone. He really, really wanted me."
"We're you flattered by that?" Forbok asks.
"I was. I mean, it felt really nice to have someone reacting to me in a powerful way, even if
he was just a regular dinosaur and not a billionaire." I tell him. "But at the same time, in the back of
my head I knew that it wasn't me he was attracted to."
Forbok shakes his head. "I'm not quite sure what you mean." He tells me, his expression one
of someone who's desperately trying to relate. He really does care about me, I can see it in his eyes,
and in this storm of confusion that crashes about in my head, it's nice to know that he's there trying to
shine a light.
"He liked me, but I was pretending to be someone else." I tell him. "I'm not that guy
anymore, but I slipped because it was just so easy to fall back into the old ways."
"The man that you were two years ago?" Forbok questions.
"Yes." I nod. "I'd forgotten what it felt like to let myself go like that, only this time was
different. This time I had so much more power than before."
"Well, we need to accept that we're powerless against our impulses sometimes." Forbok
tells me.
I've heard that a million times around here, and of all the pieces of advice that get thrown
around, this is the only one that really kind of rubs me the wrong way. I'm a fighter, and I know that
I've got the power to change my life. In fact, sometimes it's that faith in myself that keeps me going.
Or maybe I just don't truly understand this part of our mantra yet.
"I know." I lie to him, nodding. I don't even want to get into it tonight, there's way too much
going on in my head to be focused on the semantics of our sexaholic code.
"You're always going to be you." Forbok says, looking me dead in the eyes.
It immediately strikes me how bizarrely relevant his comment is, but also how terrifyingly
untrue. At this point, I can be whoever the fuck I want, a helicopter or a human.
"But what if…" I stammer, my words faltering. I'm getting emotional but I don't know why.
After taking a minute to collect myself, I try again. "But what if I didn't have to be me anymore?" I
ask. "Or what if I got to be me and the addict was someone else entirely?"
Forbok still doesn't follow what I'm saying, but he tries his best. "Either way, we'll support
you right here in this room. We're all struggling, John Hams, but this is your family and we're gonna
support you."
With that, the group bursts into a pleasant applause.
"Thank you." I tell them, and I mean it.
After our sharing session, I make my way over to the snack table yet again, still dreading my
return to work the next day, but for entirely different reasons. Buttcorp has left three messages about
speaking with me the second I get into the lab, and it wasn't until I called them back to confirm an
eight AM conference that they left me alone.
I have no idea what they've found to connect me to the break-in back at the lab, but no matter
how optimistic I try to be, this meeting can't be good.
"That was pretty powerful stuff tonight." Comes a familiar voice, as Yorb steps up next to me
and pops a baby carrot into his stegosaurus mouth. His charm is so weirdly effortless, I can't even
begin to understand it.
"Thanks." I tell the dinosaur. "It's weird starting back down here at the bottom again. Two
years is a long time."
Yorb nods. "Well, it happens. The world keeps spinning."
The way he looks into me is incredible, and it suddenly hits me that Yorb is genuinely
interested, heart and soul. It's not at all the way that the security officer had leered at my elegantly
crafted helicopter body the night before, and the difference couldn't be more apparent.
Still, there's that mystery and silence to Yorb that I find so incredibly sexy. He's powerful,
yet reserved; needing validation from no one.
It was a mistake to turn him down the other night. I'm trying to abstain from random,
meaningless sex; but if I find the right partner this could all be over. I'd forgotten that, but after my
relapse I've received a powerful reminder of the difference between these two distinct kinds of
attraction. Not all dinosaurs are the same.
"Hey, so I was thinking…" I start, trying to summon all of the courage that I can.
Suddenly, Forbok joins us, saddling up next to Yorb and putting his arm around the prehistoric
beast.
"That was really brave of you to share today." Forbok tells me. I try to look him in the eyes
but I can't stop staring at his arm, which is draped around Yorb's shoulders and pulling the handsome
dinosaur close.
"Thanks." I tell him, meekly.
Yorb turns to face Forbok and gives him a quick peck on the lips, then the two of them smile at
each other before turning back towards me.
"I'm sorry, what were you saying?" Yorb asks.
I'm too stunned to speak, my jaw hanging slack as I try to comprehend the scene that's playing
out right before my eyes. "I'm sorry." I ask. "Are you guys… dating?"
Forbok nods and then answers plainly. "We are."
I can't help the confused expression that creeps across my face. "Aren't we here because of
our… sex addiction?"
Forbok laughs. "We're not having sex!" He informs me. "We're dating. There's a big
difference."
I'm still in shock, but thankfully I manage to lock down my look of amazement before it shifts
into one of utter disappointment. I've missed out on an incredible opportunity with a real genuine
dinosaur. I know Forbok, and I know that he wouldn't put up with anything less.
"You know, John Hams, the reason for this group is to help people abstain from sex." Forbok
continues. "Not abstain from real connection."
He's right.
"You still haven't asked me your question." Yorb adds, genuinely curious. "What's up?"
I feel like a deer in headlight as I stand before the two of them, rejected already before I even
got the chance to ask Yorb out. My mind races with something else to say, trying to save myself the
embarrassment that I'm helplessly barreling towards.
"I was going to ask…" I begin, still not exactly sure were my words are going to end up.
Yorb and Forbok wait patiently for me to finish. Suddenly, I'm hit with the perfect excuse.
"Oh!" I shout, startling them. "I was going to ask if you could give me a ride home tonight. I
left my car at work yesterday and had to take the bus here."
Yorb smiles. "Oh yeah, of course. What part of town do you live in?"
"Peach Park." I tell him.
"Sure thing." Yorb confirms. "I'm downtown, so that's no problem at all."
"I'm gonna go say some more goodbyes." Forbok informs us, before giving Yorb another
quick kiss. "I'll see you at dinner tomorrow." He tells him.
"The Hearth, seven thirty." Yorb responds with a smile.
The Hearth is one of the nicest new restaurants in Los Angeles, way beyond the price range of
all but the most successful Hollywood elite. I would have never pegged Yorb as being all that
wealthy thanks to his rugged, dinosaur look, complete tonight with well fitted jeans and a black
leather jacket, but I guess I was mistaken.
"Are you ready to get out of here?" Yorb asks me.
I nod and we start heading for the door.
As Yorb and I step out into the warm night air, I can't help but be taken by his prehistoric
stride, so controlled and yet so fierce. The church parking lot is still empty, with most of our fellow
members still milling about and socializing inside.
Yorb presses his keys and a red sports car next to us beeps twice.
"Oh my god." I ask, unable to hide my shock. "Is this yours?"
Yorb nods and then tosses me the keys. "You want to drive it?"
I look down at the metallic ring and then back at Yorb. "Are you fucking serious? This is a
half a million dollar car."
Yorb shrugs and then climbs inside the passenger seat, leaving me to stand in the parking lot
speechless.
"I thought you wanted a ride home!" Yorb calls out from the inside of the car, laughing.
I open the door and carefully climb inside, suddenly painfully aware that I had been wrong
about this dinosaur from the start, he is most definitely a billionaire.
"Welcome!" Says a woman's disembodied voice as I enter the vehicle. It starts
automatically.
"What the fuck just happened?" I ask.
"The car knows that I'm here." Yorb laughs, seemingly just as amused as I am. It's the first
time I've really seen him crack his calm and collected shell, but the moment is fleeting and almost
immediately he's back to his usual thoughtful self.
"You know the way back to your place from here?" Yorb asks.
I nod.
"Then go for it!" He tells me. "Have fun."
I very carefully start to pull the car out of the church parking lot, going about half the speed
that I normally would as I try my best not to damage anything on the terrifyingly expensive vehicle.
Yorb eyes me from the passenger seat, trying desperately to keep a grin from creeping its way across
his face.
"You know, sometimes driving too carefully can be even more dangerous." He tells me.
I stop the car. "Then why are you letting me drive this thing?" I ask him, exasperated.
Yorb smiles. "Why not? Taking risks is fun."
I shake my head, "I'm sorry, I'm too scared that I'm going to fuck this car up."
Suddenly, a car is honking from behind us, pulling me back into reality as I realize that I've
stopped right in the middle of the street.
Yorb gets out and waves them past, then comes over to my side and opens the door for me.
"Maybe next time." He says cheerfully.
As we cruise down the Hollywood freeway my eyes are transfixed on Yorb, who stares
intently forward through the windshield as the city lights dance across his face. In Yorb's claw is a
large silver coin, which he rolls between his fingers effortlessly, as if he's been doing it for years.
"What's with the coin?" I ask him. "I always see you flipping it during our meetings."
Yorb grins, but doesn't take his eyes off the road. "It's just a reminder."
"A reminder of what?" I pry.
"That there are two sides to everything." He tells me, and then finally glances over.
"Everyone."
"Tell me about it." I laugh, leaning back into my seat and shutting my eyes. I'm exhausted,
stressed, and as fun as it is being in the presence of such a satisfyingly handsome and mysterious
dinosaur, I still have work to look forward too tomorrow. For all I know, this could be the last day of
my life outside of government quarantine.
I let out a long sigh.
"What up?" Yorb asks.
"Work stuff." I tell him, simplifying things to comical absurdity.
"Ah," he says in understanding. "I hear you."
I can't help but flash Yorb a slight smirk. "How old are you?" I ask him.
"I'm guessing the same age as you." He tells me. "Twenty-five."
"Twenty-four." I respond. "So how the fuck is it that a twenty-five year old comes to be
driving a car like this? I'm sorry, but I get the feeling it's not due to any work of your own. Where
are your parents?"
Yorb stops spinning his coin around his finger and pushes it into a crack in his dashboard,
where it stays perfectly. "Dead." He tells me.
"Oh my god." I stammer. "I'm so sorry."
"No, it's fine." Yorb responds, "I mean, it's been over a decade now. They weren't wealthy
though, if that's what you're thinking. All of this I earned on my own."
I'm shocked. "Really? That's incredible."
Yorb cracks a sharp-toothed smile. "Although, you're right about one thing, it wasn't really
work."
"What do you mean?" I ask.
Yorb sighs. "I'm a gambler." He stops and corrects himself. "Was a gambler, I should say.
Blackjack, slots, but mostly blackjack, that's where I made all of my money."
"Damn." I say. "Well, what happened?"
He laughs. "You're nosy!"
I recoil a bit.
"I'm sorry." Yorb tells me. "I mean, I'm gonna have to talk about all of this at a meeting one
of these days anyway, might as well do it now. I had to give up the gambling when things started
getting out of control."
I nod, completely understanding.
"The sex, the drugs, the whole lifestyle really. I was living in Vegas and playing in the high
roller cash games, more money than I knew what to do with, but I wasn't happy." Yorb takes out the
coin and starts flipping it through his fingers again, some kind of coping mechanism. "A was dating a
jet plane card counter by the name of Keith. He was a good man, but he ended up leaving me for one
of his passengers and it kind of sent me into a tailspin."
I watch Yorb's eyes as the memories seem to flood back to him.
"After me and Keith broke up I was out of control; started playing poker on the side in some
games that I shouldn't have been in. One night I took a guy for about five million dollars in one game
of poker, which he didn't really seem to care about all that much. When I took his boyfriend later,
though, that's when things got ugly."
Yorb lifts up his shirt to reveal three large scars in his side, as well as a glimpse at his utterly
impeccable abs. He's toned beyond belief under there.
"He was a T-Rex. Huge bites right here, head smashed, broken legs." Yorb tells me. "I
should be dead but an old woman found me lying out behind the Casino when she used the wrong exit
door, thinking it was the way to the cashier. She was trying to cash in a token that she'd found on the
floor."
Yorb hands me the token. On one side there is a chiseled man's face, and on the other is the
image of dollar sign with some words etched below it.
I carefully read the inscription out loud. "The Keen Dangler Casino, One Dollar. She was
trying to cash a one dollar token?" I ask.
Yorb laughs. "Actually, she thought it was for a hundred. Really bad eyesight on the poor
woman, but lucky for me."
"Whoa." I say. "You seem so calm and collected, I can't even imagine you being out of
control of yourself."
"Well, you're kinda right." Yorb sighs. "I mean, that's why I was so good at gambling. I can
keep my feelings locked up pretty well, but when you do that they have a tendency to get sneaky and
turn into bad habits. That's what the coins for, to remind me that there are two sides to everyone,
even myself."
I nod. "You're right."
Yorb glances over at me again, something flickering behind his stegosaurs eyes. "This is
crazy, I've never talked about this stuff with anyone before."
I blush slightly. "Glad I could help to open up the floodgates."
The two of us are silent for a moment. I can tell that Yorb is thinking long and hard about
something important, weighing the pros and cons in his head. "Hey, are you hungry?" He finally
asks.
I smile. "Sure, let's grab something."