The din of the restaurant feels good within my ears, a pleasant hum to momentarily block out all of the
anxiety I've been swimming in over the last few days. The place is inviting, a classic kind of late
night diner where the waitresses never forget to come back and refill your coffee.
Yorb sits across from me in his usual confident relaxed state, leaning back against the booth
with one scaly arm draped lazily behind him. He has the incredible ability to fit in anywhere, from a
cheap burger joint to a five star restaurant. I can't imagine the dinosaur being anything but
comfortable in his own thick hide, the exact thing that I'm not these days.
There lies an intensity behind his eyes, however, that's unmistakable. Yorb is interested in
me, and not just as a sexual being (although, that's certainly in there as well). He's curious; excited.
"Remember the first meeting?" Yorb asks. "When I asked you about your job?"
"Yeah, I do." I tell him, taking a sip from my coffee. I crack a smile. "Why? You want to
know about my job now?"
Yorb laughs. "No. I just want to know about you."
I can feel a slight tugging within my heart, a tiny chill that runs down my spine. "What do you
want to know?"
Yorb is silent for a moment, his yellow eyes narrowing a bit as he sizes me up. He's trying to
determine my tolerance for his prodding, but it doesn't take him long to make up his mind and dive in;
a true risk taker.
"Tell me about why you've been going to meetings for two years." He says.
I look down instinctively; my identity exposed and dragged up onto the chopping block.
You'd think after all of this time, all of this sharing, I would finally be about to express myself about
what brought me to this sad, lonely place in my life.
"I was married once." I tell Yorb.
He seems slightly confused, but does his best not to show it.
"I know," I laugh. "We we're only eighteen years old, high school sweethearts, actually."
"Sounds kinda nice." Yorb says. "Settling down that early and not having to worry about all
of this bullshit."
I nod. "I was, at first. But the thing about getting married to someone that early in life is that
you really don't know them, and people can change a lot. Even the sweetest dinosaurs can get dark
and bitter, especially when they come from a family of alcoholics."
"Don't I know it." Yorb tells me. "My father was the perfect Jurassic gentleman until he had
a couple of beers in him."
"There's two sides to everyone." I say, throwing his own line back at him.
Yorb continues listening, but instinctively pulls out his coin as I speak, and then starts flipping
it across his claws quietly.
"Anyway, as we got older, my husband, Waldo, started to change. In our youth his petty T-Rex
jealousy just came off as childish, something that would eventually blow over as he matured and
started to figure himself out, but it only got worse as time went on and the liquor kept flowing. His
family was incredibly wealthy and they enabled him. Where any other dinosaur would have hit rock
bottom long ago, Waldo's mother and father kept bailing him out. Thanks to them, my husband never
learned from any of his mistakes."
Yorb is listening intently, hanging on every word that comes out of my mouth. There's
something incredibly charming about his attention, and I suddenly can't remember the last time a
creature truly listened to me like this.
"It wouldn't have been so bad if he wasn't cheating on me, as well." I continue, my hands
literally starting to shake as I recall the way that I was treated by my ex. "I mean, the fucking nerve."
Yorb reaches across the table and puts his claw over my hand, which instantly calms me like a
beautiful wave of medicine for my soul. The shaking stops and I immediately return to reality.
"It's okay." Yorb tells me. "You don't need to get into it like that. I understand."
"No." I tell him. "It's good to get it out."
Yorb nods.
"One day when Waldo was out seeing one of his regular hook ups, I left the house and went to
the store. I ran into an old friend from high school who I hadn't seen in years. He was always such a
nice guy back then." I stop for a moment and stare off out the diner window. "I was so sad and
lonely, so I brought him home and we started to fool around. It's the first time that I had felt desirable
in months; the first time I felt like a real man, even."
Yorb closes his eyes, as if he already knows what's about to come next.
"The next thing I know." I continue. "Waldo is smashing through the door and he's pissed off;
I mean really fucking pissed off."
I start shaking again, and this time Yorb's hand can't do anything to calm me. I keep going
though, willing myself to push through the trauma and come out safely on the other side.
"I remember screaming." I say, a single tear rolling down my cheek. "And then I remember
Waldo opening his jaws and eating my friend, just swallowing him whole in one massive T-Rex bite."
"Oh my god." The words fall out of Yorb's mouth and land on the table before him. He's in
utter shock, his heart aching for me as he sits across the table and listens so intently; so carefully.
"That's when Waldo turned to me and opened wide." I say. "I remember looking him in the
eye and thinking, what happened to this man that I loved? The guy who would do anything for me?
How did he become this entirely new person?" I laugh to myself. "But I guess there are two sides to
every coin."
We sit in silence for a moment, the air electrified by the emotion that buzzes between us.
"So what happened?" Yorb finally asks.
I snap out of it suddenly, as if the thought had never ever even occurred to me. "Oh." I start.
"The neighbors showed up, shot him with a few tranquilizer darts."
"That fast?" Yorb repeats back to me in utter shock.
"Lady luck, I guess." I tell him. "I haven't had sex since that day. Even the thought of it
makes me sick. I'm still attracted to billionaire dinosaurs, but they scare me. No offence."
"None taken." Yorb says. The dinosaur is dumbfounded, but his expression alone makes me
feel warm and safe. Obviously, I've made mistakes before when it comes to prehistoric beasts, but
this guy is different.
Suddenly, though, Yorb's expression starts to change, he's looking down at my arm and
wearing a face that goes from concern to downright confusion.
I immediately glance down to see what he's looking at. My emotional explosion must have
caused a slight corruption in the nanobot code, because my body is stretching and morphing again, just
like back in the lab. The flesh of my left arm seems to be stretching out away from my body on its
own accord, extending in a strange line that creeps along through the air like a metallic helicopter
blade.
"Fuck!" I shout, jumping up from the booth and knocking over my coffee, which spills across
the table with a loud clatter.
Everyone in the restaurant turns to look at us as I cover my arm with the opposite hand and
rush straight for the restroom.
"John Hams! Are you okay?" Yorb shouts from behind me, first trying to follow and then
turning back to contain the coffee spill with several napkins.
"Yeah, I'm fine! I just need a minute, I'll be right back." I tell him frantically.
I burst through the restroom door and head straight for the mirror. I can already see parts of
my face stretching out into windshield glass as the nanobot glitch continues to blossom within me,
literally tearing me apart. Could this be the end?
I grab the edge of the sink to support myself, staring back at my rapidly distorting reflection in
the mirror and trying desperately to calm down. My breathing heavy and my heart slamming within
my chest, I find my body in a losing battle against the corruption of my new biomechanical cells.
Closing my eyes, I focus on collecting myself, finding a center internally that I can grab onto
for just one fleeting moment. There is a calm within the center of this tornado, and when I find it I
latch on tight. I remind myself that the only way through this is by staying grounded, and then I open
my eyes.
The strange helicopter-like mutations are now retracting back into my body, returning to the
steady form of their initial programming. I let out a sigh of relief, running my hand across my skin as
it fully returns to normal.
Suddenly, Yorb is pushing through the door of the restroom behind me. Without a word he
grabs me in his large, muscular arms and holds me tight, our bodies pressed together in a show of
love and support that immediately fills me with warmth. I'm crying again, but not the same wild tears
of frenzied emotion from before; I'm crying out of appreciation, and loss. This is one of the most
incredible dinosaurs I have ever met; understanding, supportive, and most of all, honest. I was such
an idiot to turn him away when I did, but I had forgotten that when I closed myself off gay sexually, I
also closed off my heart.
Unfortunately, I've realized this when I might only have days left to live, the nanobots
threatening to give way at any moment and rip me apart like nothing more than a string of faulty
computer code.
I sink deeper into Yorb's supportive embrace, taking in his masculine presence.
"Are you alright?" Yorb finally whispers. "I'm sorry, we don't have to talk about the past
anymore."
"I'm fine." I tell him. "It wasn't you. I just have this… skin thing."
Yorb doesn't say anything in return, but he seems to buy it; for now at least.
Finally, I pull away from this breathtakingly handsome man and look up into his eyes. We
connect instantly, an excitement flowing between us that simply can't be denied. I lift up onto my
tiptoes and slowly push my lips towards his.
"I'm sorry." Yorb says, pulling again.
Disappointment hits me like a ton of bricks. "What is it?" I ask.
Yorb stares back at me with an achingly sad, but stern, look in his eyes. "I can't." He says.
"I'm dating Forbok. I'm not the kind of guy who does this anymore."
I want to fight for this, to try and talk Yorb out of it somehow, but I already know that it's no
use. Yorb's mind is a strong one, well trained after long hours of controlled emotion at the poker
table.
"I understand." I tell him, lying through my teeth, and then go in for another long, supportive
hug.
I never want to leave this position, but eventually the muscular stegosaurus pulls away and
leads me back to our booth, where he pays and then the two of us leave in silence.
The rest of the drive back to my place is quiet, both Yorb and me lost in our own mess of
deep, swirling thoughts.
As much as this billionaire beast says he's attracted to me, and as much as I believe him when
he looks deep into my eyes, I can't help but think that if I truly mattered to him he would break things
off with Forbok right then and there. Of course, this is just me being selfish and I know it, but I can't
help myself.
I also can't help thinking that if Forbok wasn't standing in the way, I could be starting the first
day of the rest of my life tonight, taking the easy road to recovery with a fellow addict and, when the
time was right, finally having a sexual relationship with someone that wasn't built on darkness and
self loathing.
What the fuck did Forbok have that I didn't, anyway?
I just can't help it any longer. The big green monster of jealousy has consumed me and I'm
completely at its whim, overwhelmed by the desire to have Yorb entirely for myself. If only him and
Forbok could just realize that they weren't really compatible and get this whole charade over with.
I suppose, however, that there are ways I could speed up the process.
The second that I think this awful thought I immediately try to push it away and lock the gates
behind it. I've spent the last two years making every decision as thoughtfully and morally as I can,
and I'm not about to let that change over some dinosaur that, real talk, I only just met. Still the feeling
lingers within me, and the longer that Yorb and I ride in silence, the more powerful it grows.
The dam within my soul is leaking, I suddenly realize, cracked open when I relapsed the other
day in the security office. The gay sexual machine that has been lurking within me is anxious to get
out, ready to explode forth and devour everything in its path after all of these years pent up and alone.
Who am I to stand in its way?
"Arrived." Says a feminine, disembodied voice over Yorb's stereo system.
We've pulled up outside of my modest, Echo Park apartment, a place in the driveway still
empty as my car remains marooned at the Buttcorp parking long.
"Thanks for coffee." I tell Yorb with a smile.
He laughs and grins back. "No problem, maybe next time we can actually stick around long
enough for dinner."
I try to keep up my cheerful charade but I can't, immediately realizing that there won't be a
next time. Yorb is with Forbok now.
I start to climb out of his car and then stop myself, turning back around.
"Hey, do you have a sponsor yet?" I ask.
"Yeah." Yorb nods. "Bruce, the older guy with the tattoos."
"Okay, good." I confirm. "Well, thanks again for tonight, it was really nice talking to you."
Yorb gives me a playful wink that sends a sharp chill of desire down my spine. "Don't
mention it." He tells me.
I close the door and watch as his gorgeous red sports car disappears completely around the
next street corner, then immediately walk as briskly as possible to a payphone at the nearby
connivance store.
I immediately dial Bruce's phone number.
As the phone's receiver begins to ring back at me through the headset, I focus on putting on the
best fake Yorb voice that I possibly can.
"Hello?" I practice aloud, my tone dropping a full octave to get that dinosaur cadence. I try
again, tightening things up as I go. "Hello? Hello?" I play with the word in my mouth, trying to find
my best approximation of Yorb's voice until Bruce answers abruptly.
"This is Bruce." Comes the man's voice on the other end of the line.
"Hey there, it's Yorb." I say, impressed by the tone that I've been able to craft for myself.
"Yorb?" Bruce asks, noticing something strange in my voice. "Is everything alright?"
"No man." I tell him. "I need you to come over here."
"Shit." Bruce says, fully alert now. "I'm on my way."
"Wait!" I tell him. "I'm in my second loft downtown, you have the address to this one?"
"You've got more than one place down there? Let me see here." Bruce says, pulling his
phone away form his mouth for a moment. I can hear some papers rustling around in the background.
"Okay, the address I have is 472 Main St. Apartment #1507, is that the one?"
A devilish smile crosses my face. "Yeah, that's it." I say, my voice cracking slightly.
"Yorb?" Bruce asks, a sudden stab of skepticism in his throat. "This is Yorb isn't it?"
"I… Um." I stammer, losing my concentration.
"Who the fuck is this?" Bruce demands to know.
"I'm sorry, I think I'm actually gonna be fine tonight." I tell Bruce. "Don't worry about
coming by."
I hang up the phone and then step back, giving myself enough room to center myself and then
quickly transform into a handsome helicopter.
I take off immediately into the air of this warm, Los Angeles night, heading straight for
downtown. I'm terrified by my actions, yet somehow impressed by my own devious resourcefulness.