I reach the door of Yorb's building and push through into the luxurious lobby.
There's usually a doorman, but it's too late for that right now. Instead, a security guard waits
for me at a large oak desk. He nods and waves me on. I've already entered the gate code, and this
man's job is much more about keeping out transients than play detective. Besides, how's he supposed
to keep track of every resident in this massive downtown skyscraper?
Unlike most of the buildings down here, this place is brand new; beautiful, shiny and modern.
As I cross the lobby, I can't help but admire all of the upscale furnishings.
I reach the elevator and then step inside, pressing the button marked fifteen, which is where
Yorb's penthouse is located. When the door slides closed in front of me I nearly jump out of my skin
as I lock eyes the helicopter staring back.
I am no longer John Hams; that entire shell stripped away and replaced by that of the most
ravishing aircraft I could ever hope to dream up, Chibs Pratt. I give myself a little wink in the
elevator door's reflection, still impressed by my incredible new machinery.
Wondering if Yorb prefers a chopper in dark gunmetal or light tan, I adjust the color of my
paint job accordingly and then settle back on my original, seductive matte black look. I also suddenly
remember that this building, like the one at the lab, probably has security cameras and I'd be wise not
to make any more sudden changes to my appearance.
The door lets out a pleasant ping as it opens up onto the fifteen floor, which has only a small
hallway due to the enormous size of the lofts. I step out on my landing skids and walk down the
ornate carpet a little ways until I reach unit 1507, then knock loudly with a blade.
After a moment I hear the shuffle of footsteps from somewhere deep within, then abruptly the
door is unlocked and swinging inward.
"Can I help you?" Yorb asks. The startled man stops abruptly when he sees me. He tries his
best not to glance down at my incredibly ripped helicopter abs, but Yorb is only dino. His gaze
doesn't linger however, and moments later he's collected himself enough to hold a conversation.
"Hi." I say, smiling. "I'm Chibs. Your neighbor upstairs."
Yorb looks confused. "Are you new? I've never seen you."
I nod. "Just moved in. I love the building, I'm so happy to be here but there's just one
problem."
I let my comment linger in the air for a moment until Yorb finally takes the bait and asks.
"What is it?"
"Well, I'm trying to sleep right now, and all the noise down here is keeping me awake." I say.
"Noise?" Now Yorb is really confused. "What noise?"
I roll my helicopter eyes playfully. You don't have to be embarrassed, the whole building can
hear you fucking in there."
Yorb can't help but burst out laughing as I say this. "I'm sorry, but you definitely have the
wrong guy. There's no fucking going on in here."
"Well, you don't have to admit it, but I can hear it through the vents and it's very loud. I need
to get up early for work so if you could please keep it down, I'd appreciate it." I explain.
Yorb shakes his head. "I swear to you, there's no sex happening in here. I don't know which
apartment the sound is coming from but it's not mine."
I take a step closer to Yorb now, crossing into his personal space and letting the electrify flow
freely between us. "Listen, you're very handsome, so I'm sure you can invite him over again
tomorrow when it's the weekend and the rest of us don't have to get up at the crack of dawn. I'm not
trying to ruin the fun, but please keep it down. I've got a lot of flights tomorrow."
Yorb is playfully frustrated now, not by the way this mysterious helicopter has just barged into
his life unannounced, but by the simple fact that I refuse to believe him.
Finally, Yorb throws open his door all the way and steps to the side with a laugh. "I swear to
you." He says. "Come see for yourself."
I shrug and cross over the threshold of Yorb's incredible luxury apartment, trying not to
celebrate my small victory towards his inevitable seduction. I feel powerful in this perfect vehicular
body that I've created, like anything is possible.
Yorb's place is phenomenally large; a well kept bachelor pad that's way bigger than it needs
to be for just one man. The first room that we step into is a massive living room that overlooks the
city below, the night skyline twinkling with a smattering of distant apartment lights from other people
burning the midnight oil like ourselves. The ceiling is high, and I immediately realize that the place
has two stories, which gives my story slightly less credibility.
"Look!" Yorb says, motioning over to the right. "My bedrooms not even upstairs, you
couldn't have heard me anyway."
I pretend to be too preoccupied with the majestic city landscape to follow him, instead
stepping forward until I'm right up against the massive, living room windows. I can see the slight
reflection of my strange new self staring back at me, and watch as Yorb steps up behind.
"Your view is incredible." I tell him, my eyes remaining transfixed on the urban beauty that
stretches out before me. "Reminds me of being in flight."
I catch Yorb making a confused face in the reflection. "Don't you have the same view from
your apartment upstairs?" He asks.
"Yeah, I do." I respond, stumbling over my words a bit as I try to think fast. "I just mean… in
general. It's an incredible city."
Yorb nods.
Not wanting to waste any more time, I turn around to face the handsome, rugged man and then
slowly but surely begin to open my helicopter doors for him.
"Whoa! Hey!" Yorb says, reaching out to stop me. "What are you doing?"
He's holding my doors closed now, keeping me from revealing myself entirely, but instead of
pushing me away the two of us just stand here, locked together.
I can feel Yorb's dinosaur heart thumping in his chest, clearly trying is best to keep it together
around such an incredibly attractive vehicle.
"You should go." Yorb finally whispers. "I don't even know you, and this isn't me anymore.
I've been with a living object before, but it's just too soon to try again."
"This isn't me either." I say, revealing more about the situation than he could ever truly
understand.
Standing here in his embrace reminds me of the way that Yorb held me earlier at the diner, but
this time there is something sinister blooming between us, something darker. I find myself wishing
that he was seeing me for who I really was, not just this sexed up helicopter that I've created.
But that's not the real world, and the sooner I let go of that the better. At the end of the day
Yorb is just a stegosaurus, I tell myself, and I need to accept that he'll never like me for who I really
am. At least not with Forbok in the picture, anyway.
As Chibs Pratt, however, I have the chance to actually take a stand and do something about it.
I reach down and run my hand across Yorb's muscular green chest, moving slowly so as to
appreciate every subtle curve of the man's toned body. He doesn't resist and, instead, closes his eyes
as he reels from the long lost sensation of a vehicle's touch. It's easy to forget that Yorb's resisted
this temptation for years now, which could be an obstacle for most men trying to seduce him, but with
my perfect new body it only makes my sexuality even more powerful.
Should I feel bad for trying to get Yorb to relapse a start fucking aircraft again? Yes, I
should. But I'm relapsing as well, albeit behind the safety of a manufactured character. These may
be my cells and their nanobot counterparts, but they're not arranged in any way that truly resembles
what is it to be John Hams. I'm disconnected now, free from responsibility and guilt; free to fuck and
fight and live any way that I please.
"I want you." I say, letting my hand drift lower and lower until it reaches Yorb's belt buckle,
which I unclasp.
"I want you, too." He says, finally giving in.
I undo his belt, then slowly unzip Yorb's pants which I can see now were hastily thrown on
when I woke him up, because there's no underwear beneath.
Instead, I'm greeted by this sight of his throbbing green member, which springs forth from the
fabric as soon as I let it. Yorb's hard as a rock and aching to be touched, his enormous stegosaurus
cock jutting fiercely out towards me.
I smile and slowly drop down into a squat before Yorb, so that his shaft is pointed directly at
my gorgeous face, and then look up at him with my big soulful eyes.
"Do you want me to suck you off?" I ask playfully, once again feeling confident and sultry in
my new body.
Yorb doesn't answer, clearly struggling with some internal demons.
"I said, do you want me to suck off that big, fat cock of yours?" I repeat.
Finally, Yorb breaks his silence; the single word barely making it out of his gently parted lips
alive. "Yes."
With that, I open my helicopter mouth wide and engulf Yorb's cock with my mouth, pushing my
head down along the length of his shaft until I reach the edge of my gag reflex. I close my eyes and
focus, commanding the nanobots to change within my body ever so slightly until finally I feel
comfortable going even deeper. Eventually, I reach the base of his shaft with my lips, my face pushed
right up against Yorb's hard abs as he fills my throat entirely.
The man lets out a long, satisfied moan, his entire body shaking from my masterful deep
throat. I can feel Yorb's hands press gently on the back of my head and hold me there, hesitating, as if
he's still not entirely sure that he wants to commit to this.
But the ship has already sailed, and as I reach up and begin to play with his hanging dinosaur
balls that rest against my chin, the feeling is just too much for Yorb to ignore. He starts to pump me
up and down his shaft, slowly at first and then gaining speed as the waves of pleasure start to
overwhelm him.
I look up at Yorb and we lock eyes, his cock planted firmly in my throat. I can't help but give
him a playful little wink, and suddenly he's over the edge completely, a crazed look of sexual passion
overwhelming his expression as he rocks his hips against me.
I slowly pull his pants father and farther down until he's able to step out of them, which is all
that I need. Releasing Yorb from my mouth I stand up and give him a deep kiss.
"Go to the bedroom and lie down." I instruct.
Yorb starts to protest slightly but I'm firm with my instructions. I grab his claw with a blade
and then force it down the front of my hull, letting him carass my incredible helicopter abs.
"If you want this body." I state plainly. "Then you can go into the bedroom and lie down."
With that, I step back from Yorb and watch as he heads for what I assume is his master
bedroom, stripping off his shirt as he goes. Studying Yorb's muscular prehistoric frame sends a chill
down my spine, his form a perfect specimen from head to tail.
I don't have much time to meditate on it, however, because the second he disappears into the
other room I spring into action, dropping down and grabbing his crumpled pants off of the floor with a
blade that I have now transformed into a human hand. I find his phone in the front pocket and pull it
out immediately, relieved that there is no password lock, and then scroll through the contacts until I
find Forbok's number.
‘Need help. Come over now. Let yourself in.' I type, then hit send. The second that the
message comes back to me as delivered I delete the entire text history and then turn off the phone,
placing it back into Yorb's pocket.
Moments later, I enter the bedroom and find Yorb sprawled out on his bed before me, his cock
hard and standing at full attention. It's much longer and thicker than I had even realized when it was
engulfed within my mouth, and now that I can fully inspect the shaft's incredible size I'm even more
impressed.
The room itself is massive, as well, with another set of windows that fill the far wall from
floor to ceiling and look out towards the distant Hollywood Hills. It's a corner unit, providing two
completely unique, but equally breathtaking, views.
I slowly strut across the hardwood floors on my landing skids towards Yorb, enjoying the way
that his yellow dinosaur eyes flicker and dance across my metallic body. At this point, he can't help
but stare.
Seductively, I give my blades a quick flash of speed and hover up onto the bed, then crawl
towards him, eventually positioning myself directly over his body. I take Yorb's hands carefully with
two blades and pull them above his head, controlling him completely as I make my way down his
ripped chest and scaly abs with a series of sensual kisses.
Despite my newfound confidence, however, I find myself trembling with anticipation and
fear. Through my new body I've been able to disconnect myself from my own actions, create a safe
distance with the simple excuse that it's not actually me doing all of these erotic things. But Chibs
Pratt and John Hams still share a brain, a soul; and the weight of that is still heavy upon me.
I close my eyes and take a deep breath, then let go of any reservations I had left within me.
Immediately, I reach down and take Yorb's huge rod into my hand, aligning him with the tightness of
my helicopter fuel pipe.
"Oh fuck." Yorb groans instinctively as I push down onto him, letting out a soft moan of my
own as the powerful stegosaurus slides up inside of me.
His presence fills me with a sensation that is familiar and warm, a distant memory that had
been locked away until this very moment. I bite my lip instinctively and start to grind against him
with firm, deep swoops of my cockpit.
I'm not fully prepared for the long forgotten sensation of being entered by a man, and almost
immediately I'm beside myself with pleasure, my body trembling and quaking as I ride him. It's as if
all the sexual bliss that I've been staving myself from has been here the whole time, hiding away in
some dark corner of my being and just waiting to be released by the right billionaire dinosaur.
"Oh my god." I pant loudly, repeating the words over and over again. "Oh my god, oh my
god."
Yorb's hands are on my landing skids, helping to pull me up and down across him in an
incredible pulsing rhythm. I can feel all of his powerful strength though this minor touch; he's
showing restraint, his body handling me firmly but with care.
"Let go." I tell him. "Just fuck me like the prehistoric beast that you are."
Yorb looks up at me with a look of ferocious lust on his face, but also one of caution. Even
now, as we sink deeper and deeper into our mutual relapses, he's trying to hold something close.
There's no turning back now, however, and Yorb is on the verge of confronting this reality for
himself.
"Fuck my fuel pipe asshole!." I command, trying my best to give him that last little push. "Let
go and give it to me like I know you want to."
Yorb closes his yellow eyes tight, one last attempt to shield himself against the powerful
onslaught of sexual endorphins that flow through his veins, but when he opens his eyes again I can see
that he's a changed man.
Suddenly, Yorb is sitting up and flipping me around with his muscular arms, turning me so that
I'm facing away from him with my tail boom back over his shoulder. I look back at my dinosaur
lover and smile.
There's a loud crack as Yorb slaps my ass, hard, then he grabs me by my tail rotor and pulls
me back towards him with ease. He grabs his cock and maneuvers it into the entrance of my aching
tightness. There's a fire in Yorb's eyes as he thrusts into me, the massive rod filling me entirely as I
cry out with a yelp of pleasure. Yorb wastes no time now, immediately getting to work as he rams me
from behind.
I grip tightly with my blades onto the bed sheets in front of me, bracing myself against Yorb's
powerful slams. There is an animalistic nature to his thrusting now, more brazen than sensual, but the
dinosaur still knows exactly where to hit me from the inside. Somehow, this is even more of a turn on
than before, his gentlemanly demeanor finally cracking before my very eyes, the poker face slipping
away and finally revealing the sexual beast underneath.
"Harder!" I scream back at him, never more turned on my entire life. "Fuck my helicopter
asshole harder!"
Yorb doesn't need to be told twice, picking up speed until he is absolutely pummeling me with
everything that he's got, slamming my butt from behind with completely reckless abandon.
Deep within my stomach I can now feel the first beautiful sparks of prostate orgasm begin to
fly, lighting a tiny fire that slowly but surely begins to creep its way out across my body. I can't help
but start to tremble and quake as the sensation consumes me, filling me with a strange warmth from
head to toe.
I reach down with one blade between my skids and find my, hanging, rock hard cock. I grab it
and begin to stroke ferociously, beating myself off in time with Yorb's powerful pumps.
The tremors of pleasant sensation keep coming in awesome waves, the space between them
drawing shorter until finally it just becomes one giant ball of pleasure that envelopes my body. I
clench my teeth tightly and let out a long hiss, frantically grasping at the last straws of reality before a
powerful orgasm pushes me over the edge.
I'm outside myself now, looking down at my body cum ejects hard from the head of my
massive helicopter cock. It's a satisfaction that can barely be described, a blinding fullness that
consumes me perfectly. I throw my head back and let out a howl of ecstasy, unable to contain all of
this sensation within.
Never before have a cum so hard that I achieved an out of body experience, and the sensation
is exciting and new. However, as I look down at my own body in the troughs of orgasm, there is
something strangely unsatisfying, a nagging disappointment at the fact that this vehicle below is not
actually me, but a rearrangement of my cells to create something else; some unrealistically gorgeous
aircraft.
I don't have long to mull on this, however, because seconds later Yorb is shaking as well, his
body preparing for an orgasm of his own.
"Cum all over me!" I demand fiercely, doing my best porn star impression. "Shoot that load
all over my cockpit!"
I open my doors and watch as Yorb immediately climbs inside, positioning himself before the
control panel of flashing lights in the cockpit.
"Do it!" I scream. "Shoot your load all over the inside of this hot helicopter!"
Yorb gives his cock three final pumps with his hand, then grips tightly against the base as a
rope of hot jizz ejects out across my flashing control panels. It feels nice against my metallic skin;
playful almost, in it's erotic absurdly. To go from billionaire dinosaur abstinence to this in such a
short time is almost too much for me to handle and I find myself chuckling with satisfaction.
Yorb throws his head back and closes his eyes tight, his abs held firm as several more pumps
of cum eject from his shaft and splatter across me.
Suddenly, the door to the bedroom flies open, causing Yorb to turn immediately, frozen still
with his dick gripped tightly as he stands in my cockpit.
"What the fuck is this?" Comes a familiar voice as Forbok steps out from the shadows, a look
of sheer rage plastered across his face.
"Forbok!" Yorb says, his voice a mixture of more emotions than I can count.
"What are you doing?" Forbok asks, a slight hint of sadness shining through the anger as his
voice wobbles slightly, losing its footing for a split second before falling back into line.
Yorb is not the type of dinosaur to run from his problems, and almost immediately I see him
accept his fate. "I'm sorry." Is all that he says, a look of genuine remorse on his face. "I thought I'd
changed, but I guess this is just who I am. I fuck living objects."
As I hear this my heart breaks, suddenly hit with the undeniable consequences of my actions.
Sure Yorb and Forbok would certainly no longer be an item, but at what cost? Was it worth
destroying our mutual sobriety like this for a moment of passion, especially given that the underlying
motive was so dark?
Parked here on the bed, my panels covered in Yorb's dinosaur spunk, I suddenly realize that
the persona of Chibs Pratt is already growing beyond my control.
"Who's the chopper?" Forbok asks Yorb.
He looks over at me, and then shakes his head. "I can't even remember his name."
"I'm Chibs Pratt." I offer. "I live upstairs."
Forbok just chuckles in utter disappointment. Yorb opens his mouth to say something but
Forbok holds up his hand and stops him immediately. "Don't." He says. "I don't ever want to see
you again. Please find a new meeting to attend, as well."
Yorb nods in understanding. "I'm sorry." He repeats.
Forbok just lets out a long sigh and shakes his head, then turns and walks back out the door,
leaving Yorb in me to sit in silence.
"I think you should go." Yorb finally says.