One of the great advantages to shape shifting that I'd never considered previously, is that you
never have to look hung-over or tired.
As I approach the Buttcorp building I'm many times more exhausted than I should be, given
the importance that today could possibly have on the rest of my life, but from the outside you'd never
know it. Baggy eyes; tightened up. Messy, slept on hair; fixed. Having nanobots attached to your
cells is a dangerous game, one with many unknown consequence, but it's also pretty cool having a
permanent method of perking yourself up.
I reach the front door and scan my card, which still doesn't work. With all of the craziness
that occurred the last time I was here, I had completely forgotten to actually get my credentials
updated.
I knock loudly and then wait for Tucker to arrive and push the door open.
"Can I help you?" He asks.
I immediately push past him. "I don't have time for you to remember who I am." I tell the
man, impressing even myself with my newfound confidence.
"Wait a minute, sir!" The security guard shouts, following close behind me. "Stop right
there."
I refuse to listen, instead heading straight for the conference room for my private meeting with
Dr. Cobbler that was dubbed ‘extremely urgent' according to the email subject line.
I quickly reach the conference room and open the door, Dr. Cobbler stopping mid
conversation with a man and woman police officer on either side of him, and looking up at me with
his large, T-Rex eyes.
"John, you're here." Dr. Cobbler says coolly.
Tucker appears abruptly behind me. "I'm sorry, doctor! I told him that he couldn't come back
here."
Dr. Cobbler just stares at Tucker with a blank expression on his face. "Why did you tell him
not to come back here?"
"Because he's not authorized." Tucker says.
Dr. Cobbler just shakes his head and beckons me inside. "Thank you Tucker, we're okay from
here."
The security guard nods and steps back into the hallway, letting the door close behind him.
I take a seat across from the doctor and his two police companions at the end of our long
white conference table.
"As you've heard, we had a break in a few days ago." Dr. Cobbler tells me.
I nod, my heart skipping a beat. "I've heard."
"As far as we know, the only thing that has gone missing is a single hard drive's worth of
security footage. However, it appears that the helicopter was also tampering in one of our highest
security clearance labs." Dr. Cobbler explains.
"Helicopter?" I ask. "How do you know it was a helicopter?"
The doctor slides an assortment of black and white photos across the table towards me and as
I look down that them my breath catches in my throat.
"The stolen drive contained footage from all of the indoor cameras, however, the outdoor
cameras remained functional and we captured these photos of the suspect." The doctor explains.
"Have you ever seen this helicopter?"
I try my best to act as though I've got nothing to conceal, spreading the security camera
screenshots out in front of me and carefully looking over every one. The photos are shockingly high
resolution, revealing every detail of my appearance as Chibs Pratt.
"No, I've never seen him before." I tell the dinosaur.
Dr. Cobbler nods silently for a moment, then leans back into his chair and let's the man next to
him take over.
"I'm Detective Kellogg, with the FBI." The handsome older man tells me. "And this is my
partner, Detective Peek."
"Nice to meet you." I say.
"We've got a few questions for you in regards to the break in, and this living object, along
with your whereabouts on the day in question." Detective Kellogg continues.
"You're not under arrest." Detective Peek informs me, chiming in. "So you're not required to
talk to us, but your help is appreciated. This is a matter of high government security."
I nod. "I'm fine with talking to you, it's not a problem. I'm just trying to help."
"Good." Kellogg tells me. "Then maybe you can help clarify a few things for me; first off,
tell us where you went after leaving the security meeting in this room on the day of the break in."
"Well." I start, my brain immediately kicking into high gear, ready for anything. "I left to get
my keycard upgraded for the next security system, but I couldn't find the lab."
"How long have you been working here?" Detective Kellogg asks skeptically. "You just
forgot where the lab was?"
"I think Doctor Cobbler told me the wrong one." I explain. "It was a crazy day here."
"He told you the wrong lab?" Detective Kellogg questions. "And what was the wrong lab that
he told you?"
I hesitate for a moment. "I don't remember."
The detective nods for a moment and then writes something down. I can plainly tell that he
doesn't buy my story.
"So what happened after that?" The detective asks, looking up at me.
"I went looking for the lab and I figure I must have gotten lost. I started to get a headache and
wasn't feeling very well after that, though, so I just went home." I explain.
"You went home, and you didn't feel the need to mention that to anyone? To your boss?" The
detective pushes even further.
"No." I say, flatly. "I just went home, I was too sick."
The officer seems to be deep in thought regarding my answer, and I can't tell if it's because he
believes me or because he knows something that I don't.
"That's interesting." Detective Kellogg says. "What exit did you leave from?"
I pause and think about this for a moment. "The front door, I didn't see anything happening out
back."
Kellogg nods again. "The crazy thing is, there are security cameras on the front door." He
says. "And the back door, too. In fact, every entrance of this facility has a security camera fixed right
there on it."
"Sometimes two." Detective Peek adds.
"Sometimes two." Kellogg confirms. "Me and Detective Peek here must have watched hours
and hours of footage, but for the life of us, we can't find any video of you leaving this building after
work."
My heart is nearly pounding out of my chest at this point, beads of sweat surfacing across my
forehead despite my best efforts to stay calm. If I don't get myself under control, and fast, the
nanobots will corrupt and I'll start drifting apart right here in front of them.
"It looks like your car has been parked in the lot for a few days, too." Says Detective Peek.
"That's a little strange, wouldn't you say?"
I sit in silence for a moment, not sure if this is a rhetorical question or not.
"Wouldn't you say, John Hams?" Kellogg asks again.
"It's pretty strange." I tell them.
"Care to explain?" Kellogg prods.
My gaze moves tensely between Doctor Cobbler and the two detectives, wondering if I should
give up right here and now. I have no reasonable answer for them, nothing that could make sense of
any of this. However, they also don't seem to have any answers for themselves. This entire situation
may be utterly bizarre, but since when has being bizarre been a crime?
"I…" My voice shakes as I try desperately to come up with something. "I guess you should
check the tapes again."
"We've checked them plenty." Detective Kellogg says. "And it still doesn't add up."
Suddenly, a stroke of brilliance hits me so hard that it almost knocks me over backwards in
my chair. Visions of the man and woman who installed the security system flow into my head,
particularly the man who started crying over the rats and had to leave while covering his face.
"Did you see anyone with their coat over their head?" I ask.
The two detectives look at each other, slightly concerned about the possible curve ball I've
thrown their way, and more than a little confused.
"I don't think so." Kellogg tells me, and then asks Detective Peek. "Did we see anyone with
a jacket over their head?"
"I don't know." Peek answers. "I'd have to go back and check the tapes."
"Well, that was me." I respond. "I went to get my keycard fixed but slipped on some of the
security equipment that was sitting out in the hallway, waiting to be installed."
Doctor Cobbler suddenly looks terrified, probably sensing a potential lawsuit in his future.
"It happened at the top of the stairs that lead down to level two, and I fell down them." I
explain. "Shook me up so bad that I had to call a friend to come pick me up, that's why my car is still
here. I was crying, and embarrassed. I didn't want anyone to see me like that so I changed into some
new clothes and then rushed out the door with a jacket over my head."
Kellogg eyes me suspiciously. "Why'd you change your clothes?"
"It was a bad fall." I tell him. "My shirt was ripped and bloody, so I changed into something
I had lying around in my office.
"You don't look too scarred up." Detective Peek says with a laugh. "You look just fine."
I stand up from my chair and turn away from them, willing the nanobots to create a massive
swath of warped, distorted tissue across my back as I pull up my shirt. The group lets out an audible
gasp, and when I turn back to face them, Doctor Cobbler looks white as a sheet.
"Is that everything?" I ask.
I can tell that none of them buy it, the room tense with a heavy skepticism, but that this point
they're really nothing that they can say or do about it. I turn and start to head for the door when
suddenly Doctor Cobbler stops me.
"John Hams." The dinosaur doctor says. "I think you should stay home the rest of the week
while we sort this out, take some time off. It's all paid, I just think it would be best if you weren't
here in the building."
Having barely just gotten out of the conference room without handcuffs around my wrists, I'm
in no position to protest. Instead, I nod in affirmation.
"We'll check the tapes again and get back to you." Detective Kellogg says.
On the way home from the lab I call Yorb on my car phone, but he doesn't answer. Pangs of
guilt surge through me, having no idea what kind of turmoil this incredible man's life could be in right
now simply because of my actions the other night. I'll try again later.
In the meantime, with all of this shape shifting nanobot drama going on, I haven't had time to
take care of any monotonous, daily chores at all. I've got packages to take to the post office,
groceries to buy, and bills to pay; and no amount of experimental technology is going to change that,
It's a long day, and by the time I get home I'm absolutely exhausted, flopping down onto the
couch and almost immediately drifting off into a state of deep thought.
My thoughts, however, are very specific.
Finally, a moment to relax and all that runs through my head are powerful cravings to fuck. I
think back to the way that Yorb felt inside of my butt, the incredible sensation of his muscular body
pulsing against mine.
I reach down and let my hand slip under the waistband of my pants and underwear, my fingers
gently wrapping themselves around my engorged cock.
A sharp but pleasant chill runs down my spine as I let out a long, satisfied sigh and push
farther back into the couch cushions.
With my other hand I reach over and grab my phone, then dial Yorb's number for the second
time today, waiting patiently while it rings over and over against and then eventually goes to
voicemail. I hang up and quickly sent him a text that simply reads, ‘It's John Hams. Call me.'
Touching myself feels incredible, I must admit, especially since I had even been abstaining
from this kind of self-love for both years, as well.
However, there is only so much satisfaction one can get while touching themselves after a
night of such incredible sex. I've tasted the sweetness and now I'm trying to revert to a sex life
without sugar, magic or mystery. I know deep down that I shouldn't be having any of this at all, but
the idea of returning to complete abstinence at this point is ridiculous. There is an aching fire that
burns deep within me, and now there's no way of putting it out.
I stop the movements of my hand across my shaft, a fierce internal battle waging within my
mind. The conflict doesn't last long, though.
Moments later, I stand abruptly and head for the door, my body morphing and changing as I
walk and, by the time I reach the hallway of my apartment complex, I've already transformed into
Chibs Pratt, the hot, gay, helicopter.