This bar, like all the others in our lives, is nothing more than a marketplace. We enter and
peruse the selection, the beautiful displays that have been laid out before us, and then eventually we
make an offer.
Often the offer is too low, the man's show of power too meek for the other to take notice.
After all, there's a whole room of other buyers just waiting to pounce and throw their hat into the
ring. Sometimes a guy takes a little longer than expected to show his true worth, revealing it through
witty conversation or, more to the point, by dropping a significant amount of money on expensive
drinks. Eventually, if the target is impressed, the two of them will leave together, mutually satisfied
with the transaction.
It's a dance that's been played out over and over again for thousands of years, in different
places with different people, even different species, but for the most part the steps of love and lust are
always the same, and they're hardwired within us.
I haven't personally witnessed this type of interaction in years, but suddenly being thrust back
into it like this is just as thrilling as the very first time.
Of course, my scientific, analytical nature makes it hard to just go with the flow and enjoy
myself, but for me this kind of analysis is all part of the fun. I feel as though I'm the host of my very
own nature show, about the mating habits of human beings.
However, tonight something feels wrong. As a lone helicopter posted up on the bar with a
drink in my hand (non-alcoholic mind you, I'm not sure how beer or spirits will react with the
nanobot programming), I recall men being much quicker to swarm in and take their shots at me.
Tonight, I remain alone, watching as the rest of the tavern pairs off with one another in their
timeless mating ritual. Why is it so hard for a living vehicle like me to get laid around here? I'm ten
times hotter than I ever was when I had been my average, frumpy self, but now that I've become
Chibs Pratt, the men should be flocking. Women too; and why not?
Suddenly, it hits me. Maybe that's exactly the problem, maybe I'm too hot to approach?
I stand up from my stool at the bar and down the rest of my drink, then head towards a table of
men in one of the dark corners of the room. There are three of them, all viciously sexy in a rugged,
biker kind of way. Without a word I slide into the booth next to them, causing the trio to stop mid
conversation and look me over in a mixture of confusion and thankful excitement.
"Well hello there." One of them says. "How are you doing tonight, chopper?"
I smile. "I'm alright. How are you boys doing?"
"Good, good." The man says with a nod. "I'm Pete, and these two knuckleheads are Jim and
Kyle."
The men flash me slightly uncomfortable smiles, which is a little funny given their ruthless
biker demeanor. Even men this rugged can't completely keep their cool in front of a helicopter this
beautiful.
"I'm Chibs." I say warmly.
"That's a sexy name, dude." Jim tells me, and I respond with a wink.
"Thank you. You three looking to get into some trouble tonight?" I ask the table.
The guys look back and forth between one another, as if mutually trying to decide if I'm
serious or not. "What do you mean by that?" Pete asks. "You're not a helicopter hooker are you?"
"No." I roll my eyes. "Jesus, do I have to spell it out for you? Do you want to fuck me?"
Pete's jaw drops. "Are you…" He stammers. "Are you serious?"
"I'm not going to ask again." I tell them.
The men all nod in unison and I stand up from the booth, motioning for them to follow me.
My heart is nearly pounding out of my chest as we exit the bar together. Never in my life have
I imagined doing something this wild, not that this particular opportunity had ever been thrown my
way, regardless. I'm doubtful that a week ago, in my previous, nanobot free life, I would have even
wanted such a thing, but having a new identity is a powerful thing.
Not only does my new appearance as Chibs Pratt give me more confidence than I ever had,
but the lack of consequences is intoxicating. It's the perfect way to release all of these years of pent
up sexual energy, and if there's no hot raptors around, then these human men will just have to do.
But, as I lead the men around the corner to a darkened alley behind the bar, the truth of just
how out of control I've managed to get in the span of these few days hits me hard. A back alley
gangbang is not exactly where I expected to end up when I decided to use Chibs Pratt to seduce Yorb,
but at this point he's taken on a life of his own and I'm just along for the ride.
"Holy shit." Pete says as we find our place in the shadows. "Are you for real?"
"No." I tell him, more truthful than he could ever understand, then kiss the man passionately
on the lips.
I tremble as he runs his hands up and down my exceptionally built cockpit, happily taking in
every toned inch of my metal body. One of the other men steps up behind me and starts to kiss me on
tail boom, exploring me with his hands as well. I let out as satisfied groan as the guy overwhelm me
with their powerful arms pushing my huge helicopter body up against the alley wall.
"Fuck." Is all that I can manage to say, rock hard as they get to work beneath my hull, stroking
my huge, aching cock.
I can hear the jingling of unbuckled belts as the men unsheathe their cocks, and I grasp the air
for them frantically, eventually snatching one in each blade and getting to work in the darkness as I
stroke them off.
The guys reel with satisfaction as I touch them with my metallic blades, eyes closed and
bodies quaking. Their cocks are enormous and hard as rocks within my grip, which quickens with
every stroke. Soon enough, I'm beating them off ferociously, giving the guys everything I've got as I
work their throbbing shafts.
I'm too overwhelmingly horny to think, completely consumed by my arousal. Consequences
be damned, I want these men to take me any way that they'd like. Somewhere deep down
inside, a voice is yelling for me to stop, but it's too faint and at this point I'm not really interested in
listening.
Driven mad with lust, I immediately take Pete into my helicopter mouth, swallowing him
down as far as I can and them rapidly bobbing my head across his shaft.
Meanwhile, I continue to pump my hands along the cocks of the guys on either side of me,
expertly satisfying all three of them at once.
Eventually, I begin to move back and forth between their shafts, giving each of the three men
equal time between my lips as they pound away at my handsome mechanical face. I'm completely
cock crazed at this point, losing track of which one is which as I shove their rods down my throat,
sometimes two at a time.
I'm so lost in the mayhem that I can barely hear my phone ringing within my cockpit, but the
second that I do I pull the men's cocks out of my mouth and snap back to reality.
I reach in with a blade, then take out my phone and see Yorb's name flashing across the
screen.
"Sorry guys." I say, swiveling abruptly and pushing past them. "I've gotta take this."
The men start to protest but I'm already walking back out of the alley towards the main street.
"Hello?" I answer. "Yorb?"
His voice seems lifeless and brooding as it returns to me through the earpiece. "Hey John.
Where are you?"
I look up at the sign that hangs above the bar, having already forgotten where I was. "The
Oakwood Tavern." I tell him.
"I'm pretty close." Yorb tells me, straight to the point. "Can I come get you?"
My heart flutters a bit as he said this, a brief moment of love in the thick sea of lust that my
life has quickly become. "Yes." I answer. "Please."
"Be there in a few minutes." Yorb tells me, then hangs up the phone to leave me standing here
alone out on the empty street corner.
I take in a deep breath, trying to center myself amid all of this raging emotional confusion.
What am I doing here? The addition of Yorb back into my life, even in such a small way, immediately
reminds me of what I truly want, and fucking three guys in the back alley isn't it.
"Hey!" Comes a voice from behind me, I turn around and see Pete staggering back out from
the darkness, struggling to tighten his belt. "What the fuck?"
"Sorry bud." I tell him. "I've gotta run."
A look of drunken anger crosses his face, shocked that I could talk to him so bluntly like this.
"You're just gonna leave us out to dry like that?" Pete questions, his friends stepping up behind him.
"It's my blowjob to give." I laugh. "So it's also my blowjob to take away."
The group of us stand in silence for a moment, staring each other down. It suddenly occurs to
me that I'm all alone out here, the night air quiet and not another soul in sight. The nearest person
who would care if I called out is the bouncer at The Oakwood, but he's sitting inside by the door and
the door is currently shut.
The trio of bikers must be thinking the same thing, because they seem to immediately realize
that they don't have much time to act, springing into action as they rush me abruptly.
I try to scream but Pete is quick to cover my mouth as the others lift me off of my feet and pull
me back into the darkness of the ally, trying desperately to rotate my blades and force them off of me.
Had I never broken my celibacy this wouldn't have happened, I think to myself, then try my
best to push those thoughts out of my head. It's not my fault, I'm the victim here. These men are the
ones who are to blame, not me.
Pete, Jim and Kyle have me pinned down now, my rotor held in place and my skids pressed
hard onto the hard cement as Kyle positions himself in front of me with his huge cock.
In my panic, I can feel the nanobots within me becoming violently unstable, stretching and
pulling my helicopter body into small, but strange contortions. I can't even begin to try and collect
myself, rendered helpless by all of the chaos that swirls around me as I try to push the men away. For
a split second I consider changing myself into something extreme and terrifying to frighten them, but
my brain is so scattered and hectic that I'm concerned I won't be able to focus enough on the
transformation, and end up like one of those poor, contorted, lab rat corpses.
Still, without any other options, I have to try something.
Focusing all of the mental energy that I have left, I try desperately to change back into a
human. No dice.
I try once again, hoping that the abrupt physical shift may scare the men off. I focus all of my
mental energy on assuming my previous human shape.
This time it works, but somehow the men surrounding me barely seem to notice. I've returned
to my original form, John Hams, but the guys are too drunk to tell the difference.
There's no way out of this, I quickly realize, utterly helpless.
Suddenly, there's a loud crack as Kyle flies off of me, and a second once as his head hits the
pavement, knocking him unconscious. I look up to see Yorb standing over me and I'm immediately
consumed by an awesome wave of relief.
There's no time for pleasantries however, because the next thing I know Pete and Jim are
jumping to their feet and taking swings at my handsome stegosaurus hero. They both miss in their
drunken stupor, and Yorb easily dispatches with Jim by giving him two swift claws to the head and
dropping him instantly.
I quickly notice how fluid Yorb's movements are, as if he's running through a delicate piece of
choreography that's been rehearsed for years. His wounds and broken bones from earlier years don't
seem to slow him down at all.
Suddenly, I catch a glimpse of metal flashing in the dim light of the ally as Pete pulls a
switchblade from his pocket.
"Look out!" I shriek.
Pete jabs at Yorb, who deftly moves out of the way and delivers a hard, stegosaurus head butt
to Pete's stomach. Unfortunately, though, this allows Pete inside Yorb's defenses. Upon the biker's
second jab with the knife he strikes Yorb in the side, causing the wounded dinosaur to let out a painful
cry and stumble backwards as Pete advances upon him.
Painfully aware of where this is headed, I immediately spring to my feet and grab a thick
plank of wood that's been leaned up against the alley wall. I swing it as hard as I can at the back of
Pete's skull and with a deafening crack he goes down, immediately crumpling up into a ball on the
ground.
I throw my arms around Yorb, who's happy to see me but winces in pain as our bodies meet.
"You're hurt." I say, pulling back and looking down at the blood that oozes from beneath his
shirt.
Yorb laughs. "Can't a dinosaur go a day without getting stabbed in a fucking back alley?"
"Come on." I say, helping him out of the alleyway and away from the groaning men, who
remain in various stages of consciousness on the hard cement ground. "You need help."
I pull out my phone as we walk and dial nine-one-one.