After finishing our brief statements for the police, Yorb and I sit quietly on the back steps of
the ambulance who's crew, thankfully, managed to fix him up quite swiftly and easily. The stabbing
missed anything vital by a long shot, bouncing off a rib bone near the surface of Yorb's chest.
The two of us are exhausted but happy to be sitting together, and I can tell the feeling is mutual
as Yorb wraps his arm around me and pulls me as close as possible, without putting too much
pressure on his carefully bandaged wound.
I lean my head against the handsome beast's broad shoulder and take in his now familiar,
reptilian scent.
"I'm glad you called me." I tell Yorb.
"I'm glad I got here when I did." He says, staring off into space. The two of us have gone
through the wringer over the last few days, which I suppose is to be expected as far as relapsing goes.
"I need a break." I finally say.
Yorb chuckles to himself. "You're telling me. It's been a hard couple of days."
I know all too well what he means, and I instantly regret putting him through all of this.
Everything bad that has happened since we met has been my fault, a series of events brought on by my
lust, envy, and a seemingly endless string of bad decisions. Of course, he also has no idea that I'm
really the helicopter who has been systematically destroying his life.
"I don't know what to do with myself." I tell Yorb, my voice cracking as I struggle to hold
back my tears. "I feel like I'm losing my mind. I'm turning into someone else and I'm afraid that I
can't stop it."
Yorb pulls me even closer to him and looks down, flatly ignoring the pain from his fresh
wound. "What happened?"
I know that I can't tell him everything, that at this point it's just too crazy and, frankly, too
dangerous to let anyone else know what a powerful, and destructive, person I've become. "I've
relapsed." I tell him, the most I'm willing to admit just yet.
"Is that why you're out tonight?" Yorb asks.
It burns my soul to consider what he'll think of me after I tell him, but I know how important it
is to take inventory of my own mistakes. "Yes." I admit.
Yorb is silent for a moment, and then opens himself up to me, as well. "I've relapsed too. I
need help but I can't go back to the group."
"Trouble with Forbok?" I ask, already knowing the answer to my own question.
Yorb nods. "We're not together any longer."
"Oh." I say, struggling to sound surprised. "I'm sorry to hear that."
We watch as Pete is taken away in handcuffs, pushing back against the police officers are they
force him down into the back of their cruiser. He's spitting and swearing, completely out of control.
I lower my head in shame.
"Why did you call me tonight?" I ask Yorb.
He let's out a sigh. "I don't know. I mean, I guess I know why, but it sounds stupid."
"Try me." I tell him.
Yorb pulls his coin out of his pocket and starts flipping it. "You want to know the secret of
being a good gambler?" He asks.
"What's that?"
"Not believing in anything. No god, no ghosts, no magic… but especially no luck."
"But you talk about luck all the time." I counter. "Or risk, at least."
"And there's the difference." He says with a chuckle. "It's fun to think about, to pretend that
there are these forces at work outside of ourselves pulling all the strings; The magic dice that can turn
it all around when you're down and out. It makes for great stories, but it's not real."
"Doesn't sound like much fun to me." I tell him. "What a sad world."
"Fair enough." Yorb says. "But, if you want to make money playing cards or shooting dice,
the first thing you need to do is throw away everything you know about luck and start thinking about
strategy."
"Okay," I answer. "I get that, but what does this have to do with you calling me?"
"That night at the diner." Yorb says. "When we were talking. I felt this connection and,
honestly, I don't understand it. I don't believe in magic, but there's magic in the air when we're
together."
Again the tears start welling up in my eyes, but instead of sadness and disappointment, they
represent a welcome relief. "I felt it too." I tell him.
"Maybe magic is real." Yorb says. "Maybe love is real."
A slow smile creeps across my face, realizing that something good is finally blooming in the
horrific wreckage of my life.
We're silent for a moment before Yorb suddenly lets out a loud laugh at his own internal joke.
"What was that about?" I ask him.
"I need to get my shit together." He tells me. "Look at me."
"Me too. Oh my god, me too." I start laughing with him, unable to do anything else in the face
of my own absurdly devastating downfall. "So what's the plan? What do we do?" I ask the
handsome dinosaur.
"Skip town. Dry out for a bit." Yorb tells me.
As good as that sounds, being alone with this man who I'm so viciously attracted to might not
be the best thing for my sexual sobriety. Of course, if there's one thing that Forbok was able to teach
me, it's that my plight is not about abstaining from sex, it's about abstaining from random, meaningless
sex.
It may be newly blossoming, but there's no way that what Yorb and I have going on between
us is meaningless.
"It sounds dangerous." I tell him. "Where would we go?"
"Vegas." Yorb informs me, causing me to scoff loudly.
"Even more dangerous! You honestly think we should get clean and figure our shit out in sin
city?" I laugh.
Yorb shrugs. "What better way to fight a lurking monster than to take it head on?"
The guy has a strange, maniacal logic to him, I'll give him that.
"Besides." Yorb continues. "It's not like I'm lacking in finances, but I've got so many comps
left over from my years throwing money around in that town, I could probably live in Las Vegas free
of charge for a decade."
"Vegas it is." I tell him. "When do we leave?"
Yorb thinks about this a moment. "Do you need to call in to your work?" He asks.
"No." I shake my head. "I think they fired me. I'm not really sure."
Yorb starts to laugh again, so hard this time that he's forced to release me from his grip and
clutch his side, in an attempt to quell the pain. "Your life really is falling apart!" He jokes.
I try to stifle my grin but I can't. "So when do we leave?" I ask again.
Yorb stands up from his seat on the edge of the ambulance. "Right now."
I sleep the entire way as Yorb drives through the night, flying across the open desert between
California and Nevada like a bat out of hell. In some ways, a bat out of hell is exactly what we're
hoping for, and escape from the jaws of vice before it's too late. Of course, most people would argue
that Vegas is even more of a hellish urban landscape than Los Angeles, but Yorb assures me that, with
his connections, we'll be finding ourselves in a situation that's far from sinful.
I try not to project too far into the future, but in my deep drifting sleep I let my thoughts
wander. Maybe we could even find real, true love.
When I awaken we've arrived at the front entrance of a towering, behemoth-of-a-hotel and
casino. It's around one thirty in the morning.
"We're here." Yorb says. "Don't worry, you can go right up into the room and go to bed. I'll
handle everything down here."
I nod at Yorb in a tired haze and climb out of his flamboyant sports car, then look up at the
sparking letters that stand before me in flickering neon yellow, ‘The Keen Dangler Casino'.
I've heard about this place but never stayed here, the facilities resting several income
brackets out of my price range.
Almost immediately, someone approaches me and takes my bag out of my hands, while
another person hands me a room key.
"Already?" I ask, dumbfounded. "That was quick."
"They know me here." Yorb answers, just head on up, I'm gonna take care of a few things.
You can have the room near the balcony.
Too exhausted for anything other than getting into the nearest comfy bed possible, I take my
room key and stagger through the giant front doors of the casino, immediately met by a barrage of loud
ringing and flashing lights. The air is sweet and perks me up almost immediately, as if pumped in and
circulated with the express intent of exciting my senses.
Still, this madness is no match for my devastating fatigue, and I immediately head for the
nearest elevator. Maybe Yorb is right about heading for the heart of the monster and facing our vice
head on, because the last thing I want to do right now is make bad choices.
The elevator ride is quick, and almost immediately I find myself transported to an entirely
different space, more akin to an ultra modern spa. There is a small hallway with only two doors, one
on either side.
I use my room key and push the door open, revealing the most gorgeous hotel suite that I've
ever seen. The main living quarters are the size of middle class families entire home, with a giant
winding staircase jutting up through the middle like a corkscrew. Behind it lies a beautiful view of
the Las Vegas strip, complete with a wrap around deck and an infinity hot tub that appears to cascade
endlessly over the edge.
I take it all in for a few moments and then I cross over towards a door located off to the side
of the balcony, which I can only assume is my room. Sure enough, when I open it up there is a
beautiful king sized bed waiting for me. I let out a glorious sigh of relief and then immediately strip
down, climb in, and pull the covers up tight.
As I drift off to sleep I imagine Yorb arriving at the suite and, despite our best efforts to take
things slow, climbing into bed with me. I picture him kissing me all over with his sweet dinosaur
lips, touching my body in ways that only someone desperately and passionately in love can. Nothing
fake, and nothing held back.
I know that Yorb and me can figure all of this craziness out here in Las Vegas; together.
"What the fuck?" Is the first think that I hear, jolting me suddenly out of my pleasant slumber.
I open my eyes to see Yorb standing in the doorway of my room, the morning sun shining beams of
glorious light through my window.
"What is it?" I mumble, "What's happening?"
It's only then that I notice there are two other figures in bed with me, curled up on either side.
I look down to see a man and a woman who, as far as I can tell, are completely naked.
"Oh my god!" I say, sitting upright abruptly and waking my two sleeping partners.
Yorb's expression is one of utter horror and complete disappointment, stunned and silent as
my apparent lovers from the night before stir under the blankets.
The woman next to me snuggles close and sleepily opens her eyes, but when she sees me she
recoils in shock. "Whoa! What the fuck?"
Suddenly, the man is awake, as well, and the entire room is thrown into a state of total chaos
with me at the dead center.
Yorb just shakes his head and leaves, heading out of our room and, very likely, out of my life.
"Yorb! Wait!" I shout, but the confused bickering of the couple on either side of me drowns
out the sound of my cries.