"Who are you?" The woman keeps shouting at me. "Where's Chibs the helicopter?"
The man is trying to get her to calm down but it's not working and their fighting is giving me a
splitting headache.
Finally, I just can't take it anymore, climbing out of bed and pulling on my clothes. "I'm sorry
but the two of you need to leave right now." I tell them.
The man follows suit behind me, collecting several articles of his clothing that have been
scattered around the room.
My brain is throbbing deep within my skull, a splitting ache that could only have come from a
night of severe drinking. I try my best to remember something, anything, about what occurred just
hours before and how I ended up here dealing with the aftermath of an apparent threesome.
"Come on, let's go back to the room, Mary." The man urges. "He was nice enough to let us
stay in her suite last night, but we need to go now."
"He was?!" The woman yells, completely losing her cool. "Who the fuck is he? Where's
Chibs?"
It suddenly hits me what has happened, and the realization nearly causes me to buckle at the
knees and collapse out of sheer, unbridled frustration. Chibs Pratt took our body for a spin last night,
causing me to relapse whether I wanted it or not. He's growing stronger and stronger every day, and
now he doesn't even need to ask my permission, apparently.
"I'm sorry." I say, trying to calm the woman down. "I know this seems weird, but I'm
Chibs."
Mary scoffs. "I was drunk, but I wasn't that drunk."
"I swear to you, I'm Chibs." I assure her. "But it doesn't matter anyway, you both need to
leave."
As I say the this man crosses the room over to Mary and tries to take her by the arm, but she's
having none of it, and immediately the woman takes a swing at him. She misses feebly. It suddenly
occurs to me that it's early enough for this chick to probably still be drunk.
"What did you do with Chibs?" Mary starts to shriek.
"Calm down!" I tell her. "I'm Chibs!"
"No you're not!" The woman cries. "Where is he?"
Frustrated, and without anything else to think of doing, I suddenly will myself into the
helicopter transformation, my body morphing and shifting into this gorgeous black aircraft right before
the couple's very eyes.
The room immediately gets quiet as the two of them watch me, their voices dropping and their
faces turning from anger to awe and then, moments later, fear.
"I'm sorry." The woman says, her eyes transfixed on me as she grabs her clothes from the
floor and, not even bothering to but them on, makes her way out the door.
"Don't be sorry." Chibs says. "How about another round before you go?"
I suddenly freeze, realizing that, although the words may have come from somewhere deep
within my body, they were not my own.
"I don't think so." Says the man. The couple make their way out into the living room, clearly
disturbed after witnessing my transformation, and when they are far enough away they turn and heard
straight for the door, leaving without another word or even a look back over their shoulders.
"What did you do?" I shout at Chibs.
"Took what I wanted." The helicopter says.
I fully understand that Chibs is just me standing here in the middle of the room and talking to
myself, but for the moment that's real enough of a chopper to yell at.
"We can't do this anymore, it's over!" I tell him as firmly as I can.
The helicopter scoffs. "Please. I'm the one who's calling the shots now."
Immediately, I attempt to transform myself back into my original state, but the change simply
won't occur no matter how desperately I want it do.
"Fuck." I say.
Chibs laughs. "Exactly, I'd love a good fuck right about now."
"Please, no." I beg. "We need to go find Yorb and tell him everything."
"Yorb?" Chibs says in a mocking tone. "Why settle for one billionaire dinosaur when you
could have them all?"
I pause for a moment, grappling with the reality of what I'm about to say. "Because, I love
him."
"Love is for suckers." Chibs tells me with my own mouth. "Let's have some fun."
"The last time you wanted to have fun you got us in a lot of trouble." I tell him. "Yorb got
stabbed."
"That's only because you tried to stop me." The chopper says. "I suggest you don't try it
again."
I try to respond but suddenly I find myself unable to, locked out from using my own mouth. I
now feel like I'm a passenger in my own body, traveling along in the head of a living object who
started in my imagination and now lives and breathes like I do. Chibs Pratt is the commander of the
ship now, a nightmare in the metal.
Suddenly, I'm heading for the door, then out into the hallway and down the elevator to the
casino floor. Once again, I find myself staring at my own reflection in the elevator door, the
unfamiliar cockpit and rotor of Chibs Pratt staring back at me. Granted, it's a beautiful body, but it's
not my own, and now the sight of him fills me with utter dread. Things have already gone way too far
and now I'm free falling, unable to stop myself no matter how hard I try.
As the elevator door opens I want nothing more than to go look for Yorb, to find him and
explain everything, but that's not at all what happens.
Instead, I turn and head deep into the rows and rows of slot machines, ringing and clattering
all around me as people hit or miss their jackpots over and over again. Flashing lights guide my way,
helping me navigate the isles as I scan the chairs for a suitable target.
It's not long before I find him, a handsome older man with salt and pepper hair who's wearing
a nicely cut suit. He doesn't look like he belongs in this end of the casino, and is probably killing
time while he waits for someone upstairs to meet up with him. Lucky for me, I get there first.
"Hey there." I say, sitting down at the machine next to the man.
He turns to me and smiles, immediately taken by my hulls smoldering craftsmanship, from my
windshield to the abs down below. The man extends his hand and I take it in one of my blades. "I'm
Mark." He says. "Nice to meet you."
"Chibs Pratt." I tell him.
"And where are you from, Chibs?" Mark asks.
"Los Angeles." I respond. "But you don't really give a fuck about that do you? Be honest."
Mark laughs uncomfortably. "Of course I do!"
"No." I shake my head. "But it's your lucky day, because I don't care either. You know what
I do care about, though?"
Mark shakes his head, simultaneous baffled and entertained by my strange behavior. "I care
about getting fucked up this tight little helicopter ass." I tell him.
Marks eyes go wide and he immediately looks over either shoulder, checking to see if anyone
else heard my outrageous comment.
"Think you could help me with that?" I ask.
"You're sure blunt." Mark says. I can tell that he's more than a little interested, if nothing
else, by the quickly hardening cock that grows within the finely woven fabric of his suit pants.
"Cut it with the small talk." I demand. "Are you interested in helping me out?"
"Yeah, but…" Mark starts. I immediately cut him off, grabbing him by the tie and pulling him
to his feet as I stand and make a b-line for the nearest restroom.
I push open the door of the men's room, which is occupied by three or four other guys already,
and drag Mark into one of the stalls, slamming the door behind us.
Wasting no time, I tear off Mark's jacket and pull his shirt up over his head, then kiss him
deeply on the mouth. There is barley enough room for a helicopter and a human to fit inside of here,
but we make it work.
Mark's muscular body feels incredible on my cold metal frame. I push the man back against
the wall of the stall and continue to make out with him, running my blades softly and carefully across
his toned abs and unbuckling his belt but, before I can do anything else, Mark turns the tables and
pushes me down onto the toilet seat, where I sit and look up at him with hungry, lustful eyes.
Seconds later, Mark in kneeling before me, crawling onto the floor and looking up at my
engorged cock that hangs down below my hull. Mark waists no time, swallowing my thickness into
his hungry, waiting mouth.
I let out a gentle moan as he pleasures me, closing my eyes and leaning my tail boom back
against the hard bathroom wall behind me.
"Oh fuck." I moan. "Keep going, just like that."
I manage to get one of my landing skids up and locked into a bar on one side of the stall,
giving Mark even more room to maneuver as he bobs his head up and down across my shaft. His
technique is incredible, immediately sending chills of pleasure up and down my spine while the
handsome, older man works his magic.
From the small crack at the bottom of the stall I can see the shadows of other guys who have
drawn closer to the action, brought on by the passionate sounds of a hunky young helicopter in heat.
"Looks like we've got an audience." I say, nodding towards the stall door. "Better not
disappoint them."
This kicks mark into overdrive, and the next thing I know he's climbing back onto his knees
and unsheathing his absolutely enormous cock. He climbs around to the side of me and then places
his shaft up against the aching entrance of my fuel hole, teasing me for a moment, and then he pushes
forward, impaling me onto his thick rod.
I let out a gasp as Mark enters me, not entirely ready for his substantial size. Fortunately for
me, though, Mark knows what he's doing and soon enough I find myself in the troughs of pleasure, the
man slowly but firmly pumping in and out of my body.
Overwhelmed by lust, I grab Mark by the hips and pull him towards me with more and more
force every time until eventually he's slamming into me as hard as he can, rocking the stall loudly
with every thrust against my helicopter butthole as he gains speed.
Outside, one of the other men makes a muffled comment and the rest of them suddenly burst
out laughing, excited by the decadent encounter that they've randomly found themselves an audible
witness to.
I can feel myself slowly start to edge towards orgasm. I'm not ready to cum yet, though, so,
biting my lip playfully, I eventually push Mark back and sit up.
"How about we put on a little show?" I coo.
Without hesitation I kick open the stall door with one foot, revealing Mark and myself to the
excited crowd of onlookers. The men immediately burst into a chorus of catcalls as I stand up and
turn around, bending over with my blades gripping tightly onto the back of the toilet. I give my tail
boom a playful wiggle for them and then look back at Mark with a wink and a nod. He knows exactly
what I want.
The next thing I know, Mark is aligning the head of his cock with the taut rim of my asshole,
pushing gently against the clenched muscle. I expertly use the nanobots to relax myself, easing the
tension as Mark slips inside with a satisfied groan.
Abruptly, I let out a yelp of my own, a strange mixture of pleasure and slight aching
discomfort as Mark slips deeper and deeper, and then comes to a stop at the hilt of his massive shaft.
Now completely within my depths, the man gives my tail boom a hard smack and I laugh, his
dominance filling me with another quick surge of mischievous gay arousal.
The next thing I know, Mark is pumping my fuel hole with the entire length of his huge
member, egged on by excited shouts from the other men. They crane around the edge of the stall to get
a look at me, cheering and hollering. Most of them have their cocks out now and are beating them
furiously.
As Mark speeds up, I reach down and start to beat off my cock, helping myself along as I drift
closer and closer to an inevitable, and powerful, orgasm.
"Oh my god, don't stop!" I scream, my voice strange an unfamiliar as it exits through Chibs
Pratt's helicopter vocal cords. "Keep slamming me until I cum!"
I can feel the familiar, warm sensation begin to blossom within my body, creeping its way
down my arms in legs as I tremble and shake. My knees are locked, everything within me stretched
tight against the oncoming convulsions and then suddenly a tidal wave of prostate pleasure hits me,
releasing all of the tension at once. I'm screaming in ecstasy, completely losing control of myself as
my muscles contract in a series of blissful spasms. A powerful blast of semen ejects hard from the
head of my cock.
The sensation overwhelms me and I give into it completely, letting myself feel it all as Mark
continues to hammer away behind me. He's shaking as well, and then suddenly proceeds to blast a
massive payload of semen up into my asshole. I can feel his cock twitch hard with every injection,
until finally there is nothing left within him and Mark pulls out of me, exhausted.
The group of guys watching us cheers loudly.
I immediately start to collect my clothing, pulling it back on as I stumble out of the restroom in
a fucked-silly daze. I'm filled with a swirling cocktail of emotions that pulls me this way and that
but, most of all, what I want is to get away from all this.
I'm satisfied, but in my satisfaction I see an escape from Chibs, a moment to keep my
compulsion repressed just enough to reclaim my sanity.
Quickly, I duck into an empty row of slot machines, and then desperately will myself to
transform back into John Hams. As I do, I watch a crew of five security guards run into the men's
room, but by the time they come out looking for Mr. Pratt, he's nowhere to be found.
There's no time to celebrate, however.
As I walk through the casino looking for Yorb, I multitask, quickly searching for the nearest
electronics store on my phone and, although there's nothing near the main drag of the Las Vegas strip
that can provide me with the equipment I need, I find a store out in the desert a few miles that looks as
though it will have me covered. I need to get these nanobots out of me before I become too horny to
control them yet again.
Yorb is nowhere to be found, and for a moment I'm ready to give up, thinking that he's left the
casino completely, but as I'm about to head out onto the strip looking for him I suddenly catch a
glimpse of the dinosaur's familiar face over at the blackjack table. He doesn't look happy.
I step up to the table and Yorb sees me, but immediately averts his eyes, looking down at the
green felt as I watch. I have no idea how many chips he might have started with, but from the looks of
it he's not doing so hot.
The dealer shows a ten of hearts, and then motions to Yorb. Yorb's cards total thirteen, which
is not a terribly good position to be in. Yorb hits, and he receives another card, which pushes his
total up above twenty-one. A loss.
The dealer takes Yorb's bet away, leaving him with an even smaller stack of chips as he
shakes his head in disgust.
"Hey, can I talk to you?" I ask Yorb.
He looks at me for a moment, but ignores my concern, immediately turning his attention back
to the game. There's something horribly vacant about Yorb's movements, as if he's just going through
the motions in an effort to simply give his money away.
Yorb pushes his entire stack out onto the table with one claw, betting it all.
"How much is that?" I ask.
Yorb ignores me, but when he's not looking an older woman at the table turns to me and
whispers, "Twelve grand."
"Oh my god." I gasp, trying to cover my mouth and hide my reaction. If that's all he's got left,
then I'm terrified to find out how much Yorb started with.
A new set of cards is dealt, with Yorb once again ending up on a total of thirteen. My heart is
thundering in my chest now, and I want desperately to pull him away from the table but I know that the
hand has already started and, at this point, there's nothing I can do about it.
"Hit." Yorb tells the dealer.
Another card comes down and I breathe a sigh of relief. It's a six of hearts, totaling nineteen,
a perfectly respectable place to stand in blackjack.
Yorb however, has other plans. "Hit." He says again.
Even the dealer gives him a strange look, knowing full well that the chances of this turning out
well are slim to none. I'm not much for statistics, but I'm knowledgeable enough to know that this is
a bad play. There are only eight cards in the entire desk that can keep Yorb from going over twenty-
one and losing everything. Reluctantly, the dealer lays down yet another card for Yorb.
It's a two.
The entire table bursts into a cheer, completely blown away by this bold, yet incredibly
stupid, play that has somehow worked out in the stegosaurus's favor. I clap my hands together loudly,
relieved.
Yorb, however, doesn't move, hardly noticing that another card has even been given to him.
His eyes lowered, Yorb simply waits for the cheering and excitement to die down and then finally
says, one final time. "Hit me."
The dealer looks confused. "Sir, you have twenty one."
Yorb nods. "I understand."
I shake my head in utter confusion, helpless to do anything as the self-destruction unfolds
before me. The entire table is utterly dumbfounded, exchanging glances with one another as the
dealer slowly lays down another card, a card whose value is completely inconsequential.
Regardless, Yorb will lose.
"Thirty one." The dealer says, a sadness in his voice, then pulls the rest of Yorb's chips
towards him.
Immediately, Yorb stands up and leaves the table.
"Hey!" I shout, chasing after him. "What the fuck was that?"
Yorb ignores me, simply stepping around as I attempt to post myself in front of him. He soon
arrives at an ATM and inserts his card.
"Jesus, what are you doing?" I ask.
"Getting more cash." Yorb tells me, flatly.
I try desperately to grab his card out of his hands, which finally gets Yorb to at least stop and
spin towards me in frustration. I can see now that his eyes are brimming with tears, the anxiety and
darkness of his addiction finally catching up with him.
"Oh god." I sigh, and then open my arms for a hug.
Yorb pushes me away. "No."
"Yorb, I'm sorry." I say. "I have no idea who those people were up in the room, I swear."
He laughs to himself. "Oh great." Yorb scoffs, rolling his eyes sarcastically. "That makes
everything so much better."
"I'm so sorry." I repeat.
Suddenly, his entire demeanor shifts from a deep self-loathing to sharp anger. "Are you
kidding me? We came here together, to help each other get better. It was stupid of me to think that we
could have connected this quickly with you, it was stupid of me to believe in love."
I shake my head. "It's not what you think."
"Then what is it?" Yorb shouts. "We're both addicts, I get it, we're sick, but I'm not sick
enough to do that kind of shit to you."
"I'm not either!" I protest.
"What does that even mean?" Yorb asks. "What are you saying?"
I pause for a moment, trying my best to figure out how to reveal my secret.
"I think I need to show you, not tell you." I explain. "Otherwise, you're not going to believe
me."
Yorb throws his hands up. "Then show me!"
Suddenly, right then and there, I transform into a helicopter.
Yorb's visceral mood immediately shifts into a state of fear and wonder, his mouth hanging
open as he stares at my new form.
"How?" Is all that he can say, reaching out and touching me lightly on the windshield.
"It's a long story." I tell him.
Yorb glances around to see if anyone else has noticed this miracle unfolding before his very
eyes, but everyone else is completely preoccupied by the flashing lights that hum and dance across the
screens before them. The last thing they are worried about is a handsome helicopter.
"I don't understand." Yorb stammers. "Please, try to explain."
"There was an accident at work." I tell him.
"What kind of accident?"
I let out a long sigh, unsure of how to lay all of this out, and then finally flip into computer
scientist mode. "I was exposed to a highly advanced nanobot swarm. It's programmed to lock onto
my entire molecular structure and, within reason, give me the ability to transform into a helicopter."
"Within reason." Yorb repeats back to me, with a laugh.
"Do you understand what I'm telling you?" I ask.
Yorb shakes his head. "I have no idea, but it's blowing my mind."
We stand for a moment like this, Yorb still reeling from my admission while I prepare myself
for the inevitable fallout from the next one. I feel an anxious tingling across my entire body.
I notice now that Yorb is practically shaking with rage. "So you've been Chibs this whole
time?"
I sigh. "Yes, but it's not my fault. It's like Chibs is taking over now, trying to control me,
trying to break free."
"How could you do this to me?" The dinosaur stammers. "You're the reason that I relapsed.
You tricked me."
"I know." I say. "It was…"
I let the words trail off, unable to entirely sum up the horror that I've inflicted on this man
who's been nothing but incredible to me.
"I'm sorry." I repeat. "I should've never let him get so out of control."
I immediately transform back into my normal self.
Yorb just shakes his head, still reeling from surreal bomb that I've dropped. "I think you
should go back to Los Angeles." He finally says.
"What?" I stammer.
"You're not safe for me to be around." Yorb says. "I don't understand any of this stuff about
Chibs taking over, I don't know what it's like to have some other person inside me trying to get out,
either. I can't help you anymore. I tried that already and look what happened."
"But you do know what it's like to have another person inside of you!" I protest. "You're an
addict."
Frustrated, Yorb simply throws his claws up in the air and turns to walk away. "I'll have the
front desk order you a rental car." He calls back over his shoulder. "I don't ever want to see you
again."
And then suddenly, just like that, he's gone, disappearing into the milling crowd of gamblers
on the casino floor.