Their eyes remain transfixed upon my hand as it waves slowly through the air, which is good. I've
always found the verbal components of spell craft to be a little embarrassing, as if concocted by some
arrogant business guy who simply had to make his self-important presence known as a caster.
Sure, I'm one to talk, making my living off of the attention of strangers, but at least I try to
have a little class about it. There's nothing mysterious about the announcement of some wordy
,charming man magic incantation; no mystery, and certainly no romance.
In this spirit, I've gotten quite good at casting under my breath, a rare feat, but one that is
somewhat unnecessary to most in this art. My necessity for attention and constant distain for it is an
unfortunate paradox, to be sure.
It's not like the spells themselves are all that good anyway, but for a small law firm like mine
they go over well enough.
I finish with my muted ritual of magic words and then make an announcement to the crowd.
"Before you, roused from the elemental plane of blazing hot fire, I summon a beautiful hunk named
Channing!"
I snap my fingers.
Nothing happens.
The crowd begins to exchange confused glances as I make my best attempt to shake it off and
try again. As an amateur caster of gay charming man magic, spell failure is nothing new to me, but that
doesn't make it any less embarrassing when it happens.
"Looks like our friend the hunk is a little nervous to come out and play," I proclaim to a
smattering of nervous laughter, not quite capable of selling the joke. "Let's try that again, shall we?"
I focus hard, centering myself as my lips flow with dexterity through the same ancient
incantation once more.
Seconds later, I snap my fingers and the spell takes effect, creating a small, wispy orange
hunk that floats up out of my hands and hovers in the air, flexing his biceps and strutting back and forth
confidently. He is about six inches tall and fierce as hell.
Of course, the miniature stud is nothing more than a childish illusion, not summoned from
anywhere but, rather, created out of the gay energies that float all around us. Within the school of
charming man magic, this spell as is simple as it gets, a quaint charm developed by some randy gay
wizard to impress his potential lover. Apparently, it works great for small crowds, too.
Despite my rather cheap finishing trick, the host of onlookers' gasps aloud as this muscular
but petite orange hunk struts through the air, making his way slowly around the circle as trails of
orange and red lilting off of him. They float away like embers in the dying light of the evening.
I'm happy to draw yet another successful performance to a close, yet any amount of
adoration is not enough to pull back the curtain of aching boredom that continues to haunt me. My eyes
do not follow the tiny Channing.
When the mystical hunk finally disappears the crowd of coworkers clap and begin to
disperse, more than half of them stopping to throw a few copper coins into a coffee cup that I've laid
out. It looks to be a decent haul from the office tonight, but still not nearly enough. I need to loosen up
more and I know it, but the very thought fills me with a strange dread.
"Great show," says the HR guy, Burk, generously flipping me a quarter and smiling warmly.
"That hunk is looking really good these days, got real hard just looking at him."
"Thanks." I say with a nod.
"We're lucky to have you here, Pupper," Burk continues, "not every business our size has it's
own gay office wizard."
I shake my head bashfully. "I'm no office wizard," I tell him. "I just know a few tricks."
Burk nods, hesitating for a moment as the crowd continues to dissipate around us. The rows
of cubicles are almost entirely empty now, leaving just me and the caring, old gentleman to chat.
"How's your father?" the HR guy finally asks. "I haven't seen him around the office lately."
"He's fine," I assure him, trying to remain as casual as possible. I start to collect my things;
pouring the coins from my coffee cup into a briefcase.
Burk eyes me suspiciously, definitely picking up that there is more to the story than I'm
letting on.
"Last time I talked to him, he said he was coming down with something," Burk says. "Said
he was having trouble working the office farm. Your father and me used to be very close, but it's been
a very long time now."
"I've been helping out," I assure the HR man, "and coming here to perform when I can."
Burk eyes my little pouch of coins. "That's not a lot."
"I should be getting back." I interject, suddenly, not wanting to dwell on the financial woes
of my family that have already begun to hover over my head like a black cloud. "I'm already clocked
out."
"Pupper," Burk says, stopping me before I get a chance to turn around and walk away. "I
could use a little assistance over in HR. If you want the job it's yours, no more cold calls."
"That won't be necessary," I tell him, "but thank you for the offer."
I spin abruptly and head towards the elevator, making my way down the rows of cubicles as
the florescent lights above me begin to flicker and turn off.
With haste I continue onward, down into the lobby and out through the front doors and onto
the streets of Billings, Montana.
Out here the only thing to light my way is the stars above, but they smile down gladly tonight
and provide me with more than enough illumination to keep my wits about me.
On any other night the streets would be well lit with lamplight from above, but for some
reason Billings have been experiencing sporadic blackouts that seem to only effect government
buildings; police, fire and, of course, the streetlights.
Normally, I wouldn't be all that worried about a stroll in this rather boring part of the city,
regardless of the hour, but the rumors that have been spreading lately have got me on edge. There's
nothing concrete, really, and when you are this far away from the action it's hard to find news that is
the least bit reliable, but the shreds of gossip I do hear have been downright terrifying.
Tales of the demons and devilmen roaming the city are abound, and although I dabble in the
magical arts enough to be familiar with dark magic, the thought of such a thing still makes me uneasy.
Then again, if a little action were to find its way to our Montana hamlet, at least it wouldn't
be boring.
I sigh loudly, my thoughts suddenly drifting away to a life in which I didn't have to spend
every hour of the day caring for my father and working on the office farm, a life where I could
dedicate myself to the study of gay magical arts or, better yet, wander off in search of a real
adventure. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad to stroll through a part of Montana at night where ghosts and
mummies lurked in the shadows. I'm sure I could fend them off if I really had to.
I reach down and place my hand over a tiny, bound notebook that rests in my pocket. It's
probably the worlds scrappiest spell book, but it's my spell book.
Sardonically, I chuckle aloud to myself. I could always fight them back with the strut of a
tiny hunk named Channing.
Suddenly, from just off of the road behind me I hear the loud snap of a twig.
My breath catches in my throat and I spin around abruptly, staring out into the darkness and
immediately taking back every single think that I have thought about living in a more dangerous part of
the Treasure state.
"Hello?" I shout out into the darkness, completely frozen in place as a sharp fear cools my
veins.
There is no answer.
Despite being completely drained of magical energy from the show, my fear is enough to get
me to pull together everything I've got and cast Alight behind me.
I rapidly murmur the magical incantation under my breath, focusing every bit of energy that I
have on producing this spell without a misfire until suddenly, magically, the area where the sound had
emitted is illuminated as it were plain daylight.
There's nothing to see besides an old willow tree and a road leading out of the city.
Casting the spell has severed depleted my vigor. Almost immediately, I start to tumble over
backwards but I catch myself before I collapse, just barely able to summon the drive to stay awake.
No more casting for me tonight.
Despite that there seems to be nothing lurking out in the darkness, my illumination of this part
of the street corner makes me feel even uneasier than before. If there is anything out there to draw the
attention of, I've most certainly drawn it.
Not wanting to waste another minute, I start to wheel around when suddenly something
catches my eye.
Just on the edge of the blackness, I see a small bit of movement.
I squint my eyes, peering off into the darkened field at the edge of my magical light.
"Hello?" I call out, my voice wavering slightly with fear.
Suddenly, I gasp as a figure stumbles into view; a walking, shambling devilman, his skin red
and scaled and two sharp horns atop his head. I had seen illustrations of such a thing before, but never
truly thought I would ever lay my own eyes upon such hellspawn.
I quickly notice, however, that this particular rambling demon appears to be lost. Staggering
this way and that, it becomes apparent that whoever has summoned this hellish beast has somehow
lost contact with it. I suppose spell failure can still happen to even the most powerful of dark
wizards.
As I watch the devilman move about, seemingly unaware of my presence or the magical
illumination around it, I catch a glimpse of something shiny and rose colored clutched tightly in the
strange being's clawed, red hand. It appears to be a jewel, it's value unknown but it's shimmering
aura absolutely enchanting.
Immediately realizing that this gem stone could be valuable enough to cover for our troubles
on the farm during my father's sickness, I find myself faced with an interesting dilemma.
I look to the sky, half wondering if this peculiar situation is nothing more than a test from the
gods to show my arrogance and ignorance at requesting a more adventurous life. I wanted more
excitement; well, here it is.
Carefully, I take a few more steps towards the wandering devilman, who still appears to be
wholly unaware of my presence.
Based on my limited knowledge of dark magic, this can be due to many things. Most likely is
that the caster who created such a monstrosity was interrupted during the process of his spell and
somehow has lost track of his newly summoned hell beast. The creature has been called to earth, but
it has been given no instructions, no task from their creator.
Devilmen are empty vessels. Without a master, they are nothing.
I creep closer, and closer still, my heart slamming hard within my chest as my anxiety
reaches a boil. I am more than versed on how dangerous this creature can be, but my desire for the
jewel clutched tight within his scaly fingers outweighs any sense of doubt within me.
It's plain to see from this close up, however, that the tightness of my new friend's demon grip
could be a real problem.
An office farmer by day and a student of the magical arts by night, I find myself without any
weapons with which to confront the devilman by force and remove the gem, yet it would appear that
this is the only plan of action. Instead, I find the next best thing, a huge rock.
Slowly, I bend down and grasp the enormous stone that rests just off to the side of the road.
Thanks to many hours on the farm spent plowing and tilling, I am quite fit for a twenty-one-year-old
boy with nice abs, though it is still a considerable effort to pick up the large stone above my head. My
magic has drained me for the day.
I steady myself as the devilman stumbles back and forth, but when I'm just about ready to
strike I notice the magical illumination beginning to flicker and fade. The duration of my spell is
almost at its end, hovering dangerously close to collapsing entirely and plunging us into complete
darkness.
It's now or never.
With all of the strength I can muster, I hurl that large stone at the devilman just as the magical
light fades away. It looked as though my aim was true, but as I wait for the sound of a demon shrieking
in pain, I hear nothing. Instead, the soft thump of the rock hitting grass echoes throughout the gloom.
I've missed.
My breath catches in my throat, suddenly realizing that I no longer have any idea where this
creature is as my eyes adjust back to the shades of subtle moonlight. I turn to run, but immediately find
myself stumbling into something hard and hot, devilman who wraps himself around me.
I scream as the demon snaps at me with its sharp jaws in the darkness. It's hands claw at me
as I struggle to pull away but in the confusion I suddenly find myself grasping onto the jewel.
With a split second to react, I pull away and make a break for it, taking the pink stone with
me.
Suddenly, I'm sprinting as fast as I can down the road, not looking back for a second as I tear
through the darkness towards my old farmhouse on the outskirts of Billings. My blood is pumping as
hard as it can go and my lungs are burning and distressed; yet still I carry on until I make it to the front
walk of my family's farmhouse.
There's no light inside, as my father has long since gone to bed.
I wait for a moment under the moonlight, trying to make sure that I haven't been followed,
and then eventually make my way down the walk and into our home. I enter quietly and head straight
for my bedroom, collapsing into the bed with fatigue. My body aches for rest but my skin tingles from
the adrenalin that courses beneath it; a taste of real adventure.
Exhausted yet struggling to sleep, I replay the events of the evening over and over again in
my mind, not in terror but with thrilling excitement. True adventure was just as intoxicating as I had
imagined it would be, and the craving for more continues to keep me up much longer than I would
have ever expected, given the circumstances.
Eventually, I drift off into sleep with the jewel still wrapped tightly in my hand.