We watch from the edge of some nearby woods as demon guards patrol the bridge above us,
marching back and forth atop the massive structure that would normally be providing thousands of
New Yorkers access to the city. The top of the bridge itself is two or three times taller than the trees
we hide behind, a feat of engineering that I never thought I would be able to see with my own eyes.
For a simple office wizard and farm boy from Billings, I've witnessed an awful lot over the
last few days.
Our position gives us a clear view of the sewer grate.
Now that we've made our way up close, it appears that Zakeff was correct, the nearest
sewer grate had been damaged at some point and never repaired, leaving it wide open for anyone
brave or stupid enough to make an attempt at sneaking inside.
Thanks to restrictions in physical stamina and endurance, there is a rather limited amount of
spells that can be cast per day. For someone like me, that number is very low, and it varies depending
on the degree of mental difficulty required to get the spell out without a misfire.
Because of this, and the fact that we don't know what kind of dangers await us deep beneath
the city of New York, I have yet to attempt casting my brand new Handsome Orgy spell.
However, according to Zakeff this should work and, with the help of my Friendship Stone,
I'm inclined to believe him.
Trust is a difficult thing to come by in this world; why I've chosen to give mine away to a
dinosaur so blatantly untrustworthy is beyond the realm my conscious mind.
"Are you ready?" I ask, looking over at the dinosaur and the unicorn who stand prepared on
my left.
Clobe nods, while Zakeff just seems to ignore me, focused entirely on the grate the sits
embedded in the base of the structure before us.
My breathing heavy, I turn my attention back the multilane bridge freeway that leads into the
city, holding my spell book out before me as I recite the incantation that me and Zakeff had worked so
diligently to perfect just hours before.
While some spells could take days, weeks, or even months to learn, this one is quite easy,
thanks partially to the fact that, ever since I found the Friendship Stone, my perception of passion
magic has felt vastly improved. It's as if an entirely new channel of thought has been opened up
somewhere within my mind.
The stone burns warm and pleasant against my skin.
As the final word of the spell leaves my lips, a horde of gay men shimmer into existence at
the head of the bridge before me. While Zakeff's version of the spell had created a simple three man
rendezvous, my particular manifestation is vastly exaggerated and with thrilling results.
We watch in awe as the bridge is stormed by a ghostly orgy of handsome men that seems to
stretch on endlessly. The ethereal blue fuckfest immediately begin to plow into each other's holes
with a ruthless fervor unlike anything I have ever seen, crying out with in an endless sea of gay
passion.
Immediately, the devilmans all the way across the wall begin to run towards the sexual
disruption, spitting out a barrage of flaming spikes without question into the hypnotic, erotic visage.
Of course, their projectiles sail clean through the energy of these magical figures, clattering across the
pavement below like a sharp rain.
Of course, the second that the demonic watchmen above leave their posts we make our
move, running across the grassy expanse between us and the bridge and then making a mad dash down
the embankment.
Without a moment to spare the group of us ducks down and slips into the large pipe, past the
broken grate and deep into the depths of the seemingly never ending tunnel that lies before us.
I cast Alight on myself, which causes the magical illumination to move along with me as I
walk; a human lantern. It's a way of using the spell that I'd never even considered, until I started
going over my spell book with Zakeff just hours earlier.
His creativity almost makes up for his callousness.
Eventually, the small tube attaches to a much larger tunnel, one that runs as far as I can see in
either direction while a river of water and waste runs down the middle.
"Where to now?" I ask the men.
"The decision's yours," Zakeff Ron tells me. "To Central Park, that's where the portal is."
I've never been that great with direction to begin with, but after our frantic rush to get inside,
I've completely lost track of my position in relation to the city center.
"I have no idea," I admit. "I don't even know if we're under NYC right now or still
somewhere out beneath the ocean.
The group of us stands in silence for a moment, unsure of what to do. We spent an incredible
amount of time deciding how we were going to get below the city, but no time at all figuring out how
we'd find our way around once we got here.
Now the plan has hit a standstill, with no clear vision of moving foreword.
"We go left," Clobe suddenly announces, stepping forward and taking charge of the situation.
"How do you know?" I ask him.
"We go left," Clobe repeats. "It's better than going nowhere at all."
A smile slowly crosses my face, admiring the skillful way that my handsome unicorn
protector has taken charge of the situation. As hard as it is for Zakeff to understand, every group needs
someone to take charge in the way that Clobe can. Someone needs to be the compass.
"Left it is," I say, following now as Clobe takes the lead down the long stone sewer tunnel.
It's not long before the tunnel leads us to an iron door, heavy and rusted but not entirely
unmovable. Clobe manages to pry it open, and as he does huge wave of warm steam rushes past us,
continuing to leak out of the room from the top of the door as we make our way inside.
Now the three of us find ourselves standing before a long catwalk that travels from one end
of this wide open space to the other, positioned above what appears to be a network of massive
rotating gears unlike anything I have ever seen.
This particular part of the New York underground network appears to be fully functioning,
but gravely uncared for years and years after its initial construction.
On the wall next to us is a poster, pinned into place and covered by dust and mold. Upon
closer inspection, we discover that the paper is a maintenance map that covers the entire New York
City sewer system.
"This is it!" I announce excitedly, removing the poster from the wall. "This will tell us
exactly how to get to Central Park, where the portal is located."
I do my best to quickly scan the map, trying desperately to piece our location together based
on what little information I have. It's not long before I connect the dots and discover that a vast
amount of the cities automated functions are powered by a complex system of steam vents.
I realize now that my illumination spell is no longer necessary, the vast room lit by some
flickering fluorescent radiance from above. In other words, the power's coming back on.
"Can we talk about this after we find Ted Cobbler?" asks Clobe, clearly bothered by more
than just our wasting of time.
I'm beginning to notice that the unicorn's protection of me has slowly started to evolve into a
simmering jealousy, one that is triggered in direct proportion to my interactions with Zakeff Ron.
I suppose it's understandable, though. After all, my growing love for Clobe is a classic
situation of opposites attracting, but Zakeff and me belong to the same world. Despite the fact that I
find the dinosaur's attitude to be utterly appalling much of the time, we can still relate to one another
in a way that Clobe will never even being to understand; through magic.
I finish reading the map and quickly realize that we are already very, very close to the
Central Park, just through this room and up what appears to be a very large steam vent.
"We keep going forward," I inform the group, "straight across the catwalk."
Because of the overwhelming steam it's nearly impossible to see more than two meters in
front of you, making our movements slow and deliberate. There's no reason to risk toppling over the
iron walkway and being crushed into pancakes by the slowly rolling gears below. There are no
railings on either side, just open air and certain death.
Zakeff goes first, disappears into the blinding fog ahead of us. I'm about to follow when
suddenly I feel Clobe's large hoof on my shoulder. I spin around to face the unicorn.
"What is it?" I ask.
Without a word, Clobe pulls me against him and kisses me deeply on the lips.
"I may not know magic, but I know how to treat you," says Clobe.
Feeling this Butt Cop's incredible, muscular body sends a warm chill down my spine and a
lustful electric current directly into my brain. I want him, and I want him badly.
Unfortunately, we have a lot of work to do.
"When we get out of here, I'll show you something that he could never, ever do for you,"
Clobe says, his brawny arms bulging as they hold me tight.
"Please, you know it's not like that," I protest.
"I know what it's like," Clobe tells me.
The unicorn kisses me one more time and then releases my body from his grip.
"We better get going," I tell him.
Suddenly, a massive green blast erupts from somewhere deep within the thick steam before
us. The distance is hard to gauge, but based on the sounds of a struggle upon the iron catwalk, it must
be nearby.
"Zakeff!" I call out.
I start to run forward and then remember where I am, wobbling slightly before catching
myself and teetering on the edge. Below me, certain death awaits by way of crushed bones under
powerful gears.
Finding my balance, I continue forward yet again, only this time much more carefully.
There's suddenly a loud screech in the fog before us and another powerful green blast.
"Assrats!" Zakeff calls out from the steam. "Assrats everywhere!"
Clobe laughs aloud. "Ha! The big bad wizard is afraid of a few rodents."
As if summoned by his nonchalant dismissal, I suddenly spot a massive, wolf-sized
buttcreature scampering down the catwalk from behind us, barreling directly towards Clobe.
"Look out!" I shout at the unicorn, who immediately recognizes the expression of sheer panic
on my face and whirls around, unsheathing his police baton as he goes.
The next thing I know, a massive, rodent-like ass is tumbling end-over-end off of the
catwalk, smashed into oblivion by the monstrous gears.
Just as soon as the first creature has been dispatched, however, four more arrive, scampering
down the walkway towards us with a bloodlust in their large brown eyes.
Immediately and instinctually, Clobe finds a defensive position, taking up as much space as
possible in his attempt to shield me from the oncoming wave of animalist butts; abominations brought
to us courtesy of Rubble Laboratories.
I stagger backwards, shocked and disoriented by the lack of vision and the sudden onslaught
of ravenous anal creatures.
"Get to the other side!" shouts Clobe, smashing his baton into the face of a giant assrat as it
lunges at him. A second creature uses this as an opportunity for attack, snapping at Clobe with its
terrifyingly tight butthole.
I hear the unicorn cry out in pain as the rodents cheeks wrap around his arm, stopping in my
tracks almost immediately and turning to see if I can help in any way, but Clobe quickly tosses aside
the ass and regains his balance, urging me to continue foreword and protect myself.
Finally accepting the unicorn's wishes, I turn and make my way across the narrow catwalk,
carefully finding my way through the overwhelming steam as sweat runs down my face and arms.
What little vision I have is locked steadily onto the thin walkway before me, and the churning gears
below.
Deeper and deeper into the steam I go, until the sound of the vicious battle behind me has
disappeared completely, drowned out by the crunching ironworks the churn hypnotically throughout
the large chamber. I feel as though I should have already reached the other side by now, but somehow
this walkway seems to continue stretching on and on.
"Zakeff?" I call out into the white haze before me.
I can barely make out something moving in the steam, but it could easily be nothing more than
my imagination.
I raise my hand into the air and begin the first few phrases of Buckaroo Tumbleweed, ready
for anything. The last word of the incantation hangs on the edge of my lips, waiting to fall out with so
much as a heavy sigh.
Suddenly, from out of the steam leaps another massive assrat. I immediately finish the spell,
a powerful green tumbleweed of energy surging through my hands and meeting the disembodied butt
mid flight, tearing through the creature and blowing it apart in a brilliant flash.
Despite the fact that I was ready for him, the shock is still enough to cause me to stumble
backwards a bit, taking two awkward steps that land painfully close to the edge of the catwalk while I
struggle to catch my balance. Thankfully, however, I don't topple over the side completely, managing
to upright myself after a brief scare. I breathe out a sigh of relief.
Unexpectedly, however, the rusted catwalk gives way below me, bending inward after years
and years of neglect and decay. Without any footing left to keep me standing, I end up toppling
sideway, throwing my arms out in a frantic attempt to catch myself. I'm tumbling through the air,
hurtling downward towards the massive grinding gear works below as I lash out at anything that
could possibly break my fall.
Thankfully, I somehow manage to grab the bent edge of the walkway with a single hand, my
body causing the already mangled iron to pull away from its structure even more with a loud creak.
Somehow my backpack has stayed wrapped tightly around my shoulder, but the extra weight
isn't doing me any favors. With my free hand I reach back and unstrap the bag, throwing it up onto the
catwalk in front of me. Unfortunately, my movement does more harm then good, as the catwalk bends
even more and causes my hanging feet to dip dangerously close to the grinding machinery below.
"Help!" I cry out, the sound of my voice disappearing almost immediately in the thundering
sound of the NYC gears.
I feel a powerful jolt as the catwalk bends even more, the twisted bar that I grip now pointed
almost completely downward.
Suddenly, from out of the steam above comes a familiar, robed arm and hand, reaching out
for me to grab ahold, which I promptly do.
Seconds later, I'm being hoisted up to safety by Zakeff Ron who, once again, astonishes me
with his incredible strength. No wizard that I have ever heard of is capable of this kind of physical
prowess, dinosaur or otherwise, yet Zakeff lifts me with seemingly no effort at all, a residual side
effect of his time spent commanding the hot-to-trot lifestyle.
It suddenly hits me that, I too, may begin to exhibit heightened traits of my Friendship Stone;
charm. Maybe, I already have.
"Come," demands Zakeff, "we don't have much time."
I glance back into the haze behind me, no sign of the Unicorn Butt Cop to be found.
"He'll be fine," Zakeff assures me. "More rats are on their way, we need to get out of here."
I reluctantly follow the triceratops wizard down the remainder of the catwalk until we reach
another large iron door, this one sitting wide open. We barrel though it.
Zakeff and I suddenly find ourselves in a large, cylindrical chamber with walls of cement
and a long ladder descending down the middle of the room from floor to ceiling. Without a word,
Clobe starts climbing upwards.
I hesitate briefly, but follow.
At the top of the ladder is a grate, which is pushed out of the way to reveal a desolate alley
somewhere deep within New York City.
"Here we are!" exclaims Clobe, showing a rare moment of real excitement. The wizard
stands and takes a look around as I climb up out of the hole next to him. We are somewhere
deep within the thriving metropolis of the United State's capital, a narrow lane that appears to twist
and turn in either direction. The whole place is empty, just as the cities we'd encountered before, only
this time we have clearly arrived while the action is still in play. Towering up over one of the
buildings next to us is the edge of a massive portal, still shimmering and mirror-like but even more
majestic up close.
I can also now see, though my vision from down here in the alley is greatly obscured, that the
portal appears to be weakening, and fast. The ring that makes up its flat, outer layer appears to
tremble and shake with strange vibrations, phasing in and out of reality while it the magical energy
valiantly tries to maintain itself.
"The portal's about to collapse," the triceratops wizard announces, noticing the same thing
that I do.
I glance down into the hole below me, searching desperately for any sign of Clobe. My
ferocious protector is still nowhere to be found, lost in the steam as the assrats continue to flood the
sewer in the hopes of a fresh meal.
"The only reason for a spell that size is that Ted Cobbler is taking your people somewhere,
and when the door closes it's closed for good. We'll have no way of knowing where they went,"
Zakeff says, reading into my forlorn look. "We need to move."
"We can't just leave him!" I protest.
"Your choice is simple," Zakeff tells me. "Would you rather see your father again? Or would
you rather see Clobe?"
As the wizard's words nearly tear my heart in half, I'm honestly a little surprised that the
decision is this difficult. I have spent my entire life with my father and love him from the depths of my
soul, yet after only a few days the hold that this Unicorn Butt Cop has on me is stronger than ever. I've
known that the fire growing between us was important but, without actually stopping to really
consider it in a logical way, I hadn't realized just how potent our love had actually become.
There is, however, one thing that pushes me over the edge towards my father and, ironically,
one of the most lovable traits that Clobe possesses for himself. I know that, without a doubt, my
unicorn lover would want me to find my father and save the people of Billings. If Clobe were here he
would be begging me to push on without him, shouting it from the rooftops as we tragically parted
ways. My love finds honor in protecting me, but the honor always comes first.
"Okay," I finally say to Zakeff. "Let's go."
We creep down the alleyway as quickly and quietly as possible, reaching the end of the
street and then peering out around the corner towards Central Park.
Before us, rests more semi trucks than I can count, the same whose tracks we've been
following for days now. Unfortunately, all of them sit open and empty, completely void of any
passengers or their guards.
Behind the abandoned caravan looms the portal, large and luminous as it shudders uneasily.
There is a handful of armed devilmen securing the portal, standing at attention while, before them, a
figure clad in dark robes stands.
"Ted Cobbler," Zakeff murmurs under his breath.
I scan the empty square with frantic disappointment. "Where is everyone?"
"The other side of the portal," replies Zakeff, bluntly.
Before us, the dark wizard is surrounded by five men dressed to the nines in designer suits
and ties. I immediately recognize one of them as the Mayor Fancy from Billings, my breath catching in
my throat as her familiar face swamps my brain with memories of that day back in Montana when this
all started. I picture the demonic serpent weaving silently through the grass, tracking our cities best
Butt Cops as they remained woefully unaware of their fool's errand for a corrupt mayor.
Next to me, I see a strange puff of blue smoke eject from Zakeff's eyes, floating upwards into
the air in a plume of sparkling dust.
"He's paying them," the triceratops wizard says. "He's handing over briefcases of money."
"Blood money," I murmur.
"There's more coming, I'd assume," explains the wizard. "Most of the valuables had already
been rounded up from these towns when we arrived. They're probably being horded somewhere for
payment."
"I'm surprised," I counter. "Your dark wizard friend doesn't seem to be one for pleasantries.
There's no reason for the gift baskets."
"He's not," agrees Zakeff. "Something is up."
Right on cue, the aristocrats around Ted Cobbler begin to collapse and crumble, their bodies
literally falling apart as they drop their cursed breifcases onto the pavement. The collection of corrupt
city mayors cry out in agony as Ted Cobbler stands before their quickly disintegrating bodies. He
seems to take great pleasure in watching the death that consumes the men and women before him, not
flinching for even a second as their bodies completely turn to dust and blow away in the swirling
wind.
Zakeff says a few quick words over me and suddenly I feel a strange electric tingle consume
my entire body. "Get ready," the wizard says.
Second later, Ted Cobbler turns around and start heading towards the portal.
"Now!" shouts Zakeff.
The two of us burst forth from our hiding spot in blaze of glory, Zakeff waving his hands at
the devilmen on the left side and lifting them off into the air, while I blast the two demonic unicorns
on the right with Buckaroo Tumbleweeds that blow them into pieces.
Ted Cobbler spins around.
Zakeff's mouth is moving a mile a minute, casting yet another spell and throwing his hands
out towards the dark wizard as blue rings begin to form around him. Unfortunately, Ted Cobbler's
skills are much too formidable for this attack and, seconds later, the blue rings are disintegrating with
an electric sizzle.
Ted Cobbler throws both hands into the air, summoning forth a strange entity that swirls and
shifts like a butt made of smoke, a figure that immediately sprints towards me at full spell while the
dark wizard spins and runs away, directly towards the portal.
"Look out!" Zakeff yells. The wizard points to one of the empty trucks and, with no more
than a simple magic word, he flings it towards the smoky ass to block its path.
Seconds later, however, the dark smoky butt bursts through the other side of the semi truck as
if it was never even there at all, still heading towards me at full speed.
Not knowing what else to do, I raise my hands and cast another Buckaroo Tumbleweed
towards the smoke butt, hitting him squarely in the hole and blowing him backwards several meters
into Central Park. The smoky creature is alive, but seems to be dazed as it collects itself and begins to
stand again.
Without another word, Zakeff starts running towards the portal, and as I watch him go I
realize that there are only seconds left before the magical door closes for good. Only a few moments
after Ted Cobbler reaches the other side he is bound to shut it, and even if he didn't the entire thing
has become so unstable that its barely safe enough to travel through as it is.
There is a loud crackle as the dark wizard disappears into the shimmering blue mirror,
leaving us behind.
"Come on!" Zakeff cries out to me, not slowing down for a second as he races towards the
portal, his blue robe flowing out behind him like some elegant cape.
I hesitate, looking back for any signs of Clobe but finding nothing.
"Now!" the dinosaur screams, diving through the portal.
Finally I break into a sprint and start to follow him, seeing now that the smoky manifestation
has collected itself and is trying to cut me off at the pass. I attempt to duck under the butt but its just
too fast, opening its black cheeks and wrapping them around me.
The second that they touch my skin, however, the strange electricity that flows across me
halts immediately, expelling itself outward towards the creature with a loud crack. Suddenly the
ethereal beast is flying backwards once again thanks to the help of Zakeff's hot-to-trot blessing.
Two more steps and I'm through the portal, but as I cross the threshold I hear my own name
being called out from behind. I turn my head just in time to see Clobe running after me, skidding to a
stop as the mysterious butt smoke steps in front of him.