Suddenly, everything around me shifts; the sound, the air, the sensation of my body. I feel as
though down is up, and up is down, completely at a loss as I momentarily leave the physical plane.
I'm everywhere and nowhere all at once, and then suddenly here I am again, sitting on my knees in
ankle deep water on an empty beach.
I look around behind me, expecting to see the backside of the portal but finding nothing, just
a vast ocean that extends for mile and miles until it reaches the horizon line. There are a few nearby
islands, small and covered in thick tropical trees, but other than that the view is like a flat, empty
mirror of blue.
I turn back around and scan the beach for any sign of life. Before me there is a few meters of
sand and then an abrupt tree line covered completely in bountiful greenery. Beyond them is a massive
mountain that pushes upward into the wide-open sky, an enormous plume of smoke billowing up out
of its peak.
There are tracks in the sand, both human and devilman, making their way from the waters
edge up into the lush jungle.
My heart pounding in my chest, I sit like this for a moment, the tide drifting in and out across
my partially submerged body with it's cool, salty waves. The air here seems heavier than it was
before, fresher and yet, somehow, less pleasant. Immediately, a strange sense of foreboding washes
over me.
"Hello?" I call out. "Clobe? Zakeff Ron?"
My voice echoes across the trees, drifting away into nothing as a flock of birds rustle through
the branches nearby, disturbed by my presence.
My thoughts turn to Clobe, struck with the sudden realization that he is, in all likelihood, on
the other side of the world without any way of knowing where I've traveled. For the time being, I
don't even know.
With nothing else to do, I immediately break down and start to cry, trembling in the sand as
the tears fall from my face and mix into the ocean waters below. With every wave that pulls out to sea
I can feel a piece of myself drifting away, a piece that I never knew I was there until Clobe came into
my life.
At this point, my will to continue onward has been crushed. I am cold, alone, and scared.
Suddenly, from the corner of my eye, I notice something rustling about in the forest just a few
meters down the beach from me. I sit up abruptly, staring at the edge of the tree line with a deep
intensity as my heart flutters back to life.
When Zakeff emerges, I try not to be completely devastated, but I can't help it.
The triceratops wizard crosses the sand and meets me at the verge of the waves as they move
slowly across me.
"I'm sorry," Zakeff says, solemnly.
"Clobe was right there," I tell him, my eyes wet and red, "he was right there."
"Ted Cobbler must have closed the portal right after he got through it," the wizard explains.
"There just wasn't enough time. I didn't even know if you were going to make it."
I turn my head and look back behind me at the vast ocean. "It all happened so fast."
"That's why I ended up in the jungle and you're out here on the beach," Zakeff explains. "The
portal had become unstable. Ted Cobbler must have come through somewhere nearby but he's
probably long gone by now."
"Where are we?" I ask, looking up at the wizard.
"I have no idea," he says.
A wave of sadness swells and recedes throughout my entire being. "I feel so alone," I admit.
Zakeff hesitates for a moment and then extends his clawed dinosaur hand downward towards
me. I look up at him, thankful to at least have one familiar face by my side through all of this.
"Thanks," I finally say, reaching out and taking the wizard's hand as he helps me to my feet.
"Back in the city, what was that smoky black butt?" I ask him.
"The ghost of a very lonely ass," Zakeff tells me. "A life eater."
With an uncontrollable surge of emotion I wrap my arms around Zakeff and pull him close,
craving his comfort. "You saved me," I tell him. "Your blessing saved my life."
It feels so good to hold this handsome creature close, his arms wrapped around me in a way
that I thought I might never feel again. Zakeff may be abrasive at times, but right now he's all that I've
got. I'd also be flat out lying if I said that, in some way, I wasn't attracted to him.
Yes, he's arrogant, but his incredible intelligence and wisdom is almost enough to give the
triceratops a license for his bad behavior. He's raw, unfiltered, and brutally honest.
Being held here in his muscular arms however, is giving me the slightest taste of something
equally as intoxicating; Zakeff is just as physically maintained as Clobe. The wizard is a specimen of
perfect health from head to toe, a walking manifestation of youthful dinosaur vigor with the mind of a
prehistoric soul.
My tears stop falling for a brief moment and I look up at the hot-to-trot wizard, our gaze
meeting in powerful, silent communication that nearly takes my breath away. Our lips begin to move
towards one another, closer and closer despite the part of me buried deep down within that's
screaming for us to stop.
Suddenly, I listen. I freeze just centimeters from meeting Zakeff's scaly triceratops touch, and
then pull away.
"He's a brute," Zakeff says. "Forget about him."
I stare at the wizard blankly, my mind struggling to process the words that just spewed forth
from his infuriating yet, admittedly, beautiful mouth.
"Forget about him?" I repeat, still in shock.
The bad boy triceratops says nothing.
Suddenly seized with uncontrollable anger, I pull away from the wizard and head off down
the beach in the other direction.
"Where are you going?" calls the wizard.
"For a walk," I say, shaking my head as the rage continues to boil within me.
The wizard doesn't even attempt to follow, disappearing into the distance as I make my away
around the bend of the shore and follow the waterline, lost in my own thoughts.
Going all the way back to the death of mother, love has always been a fleeting thing for me.
Whether it's through tragic fate or terrible choices, I have always ended up falling in and out of the
grips of this powerful force whether I like it or not.
Now I realize that, if there's one thing I truly want nothing to do with anymore, it's being a
charming man.
In a moment of rage, I unclasp the Friendship Stone that hangs around my neck and make my
way down to the water's edge. Alone on this beach without another soul in sight, I want to turn my
back on everything in this world. I want to disappear into myself and never love again. It's just not
worth it.
I take a deep breath and pull back my arm, ready to fling the necklace, stone and all, into the
great wide ocean.
"I'd hang onto that if I were you. You might need it," comes a familiar voice from behind
me.
I freeze, turning around slowly to see Clobe standing in the sand with a look of pure elation
across his face. He made it.
My tears of sadness immediately transform into tears of joy, rushing down my face in a
stream of salty relief. I shake my head in disbelief, not sure what to believe until all of the emotion
hits me at once and suddenly I am running towards the unicorn, sprinting across the tropical sand and
jumping into Clobe's huge, muscular arms. I wrap myself around his large frame, kissing him deeply
as he holds me up in the air, laughing.
Our faces pressed together, I stare deep into his eyes, more thankful than I have ever been to
see someone else staring back at me.
"I thought I'd lost you," I tell him. "I thought I'd never see you again."
Clobe smiles. "Well, I took an oath to protect you, remember? You're not going to get rid of
me that easily."
"But the portal closed," I gush.
"Not quick enough, apparently," says the unicorn, "and thanks to you after slowing down the
butt smoke."
"Shut up about the butt smoke and just kiss me," I say, planting another one firmly on my
unicorn lover's lip.
Now locked into a moment of passion, Clobe and I being to make out furiously. The hulking
figure turns and lowers me down onto the sand right then and there, running his hands across my
toned, supple body as he begins to kiss his way down from my neck, to my chest, to my stomach.
"I love you," I tell him, the words feeling so perfect as they fall out of my mouth.
"I love you, too," the unicorn tells me. "And nothing's going to keep us apart."
Suddenly, Clobe is tearing my shirt off over my head, exposing my skin to the cool beach air
and sending a pleasant chill down the length of my spine. The muscular unicorn removes his shirt as
well, tearing it over the top of his massive frame and throwing it to the side, then leaning down and
kissing me passionately with my back against the sand.
I want nothing more than to feel him against me, on top of me, inside me. I want the two of us
to connect in a way that is visceral and raw, to share with each other our deepest darkest secrets and
make them one, singular, story.
Soon, Clobe is pulling off my jeans and boxer briefs, sliding them down across my legs and
leaving me completely naked and exposed. The fresh ocean breeze fills me with a sensation of erotic
relaxation and gay freedom to just let myself go, the stress and anxiety of our adventure falling away.
Clobe immediately leans down and tenderly pushes my legs apart, sliding his horn into my
asshole as I gasp aloud. His touch is both careful and firm as he pumps inside of me and then retracts
from my puckered anal entrance.
I'm quaking with desire now, my entire body wrought with tension as I yearn for him.
Clobe smiles. He is pleased with the lustful power that he has over me, and he shows it by
leaning down and beginning to lick gently across the length of my dick. I whimper slightly as he
begins, slowly falling into the rhythm of his tongue as I push back against the unicorn with my
towering cock. My hips are grinding now, pulsing up and down while I take the handsome unicorn by
the mane and push his lips down over the length of my shaft.
Eventually, the soft whimpers turn into aching desperate moans that echo off down the beach.
We have no idea where were are, or what may be lurking in the jungle nearby, but at this very moment
neither of us care in the slightest. This moment is about the two of us and nothing more.
Soon, I begin to feel the familiar ache of orgasm blossoming inside of my balls. It starts
same, the tiny crack of a seed that splits open somewhere deep within, but with every bob of his
unicorn head across my shaft the flower begins to grow and blossom, spreading out across me until
my entire body feels like a beautiful garden in of dick plants just aching to cum.
The trembling quakes have become a single, ferocious tremor that rocks through my body,
spasming hard as the pleasure builds and then finally breaking into a blissed out wall of sensation that
I slam into, hard. I tilt my head back, screaming out with an intense cry of pleasure while my arms and
legs lock tight. My appendages kick out as wide as they can go and Clobe holds them in place with
his barrel-like arms. I release my warm milky semen into his unicorn mouth and cry out as Clobe
takes it all graciously.
When the sensation finally passes I collapse back onto the sand, my heart pounding a mile a
minute. In any other situation I would be entirely finished, exhausted from the battle, exhausted from
the emotions, exhausted from the sex; but as soon as Clobe finishes with me I'm ready to go again, my
cock immediately twitching back to life.
"Take me," I groan, sitting up and pushing the unicorn back onto his knees. "I need you inside
of my body."
I unbutton the Butt Cop's pants as quickly as I can and pull out his enormous rod, a shaft so
beautifully thick that I don't think I'll ever get used to seeing it. With one hand I grip Clobe's beautiful
member and with the other I pull myself up onto him, wrapping my legs around the man's chiseled
body and then carefully aligning his manhood with the entrance of my tight asshole.
With the help of Clobe's massive arms I slowly lower myself down onto him, letting out a
long, passionate groan as the shaft impales me to the hilt. I feel completely full in more ways than one,
gayly, emotionally and spiritually. There is not a single piece missing from this moment, the two of us
fitting together in perfect harmony like part of an anal puzzle that was feared missing and long
forgotten, but found once again.
The unicorn begins to pump me up and down his length as I hold onto him tightly, my arms
wrapped around his broad, beastly shoulders and my fingers digging into his neck with an ecstasy is
almost too much to bear. The pace of our movements quickens with every pump, faster and faster until
eventually I am bouncing up and down on Clobe's rod as furiously as I can.
I reach down in front of me and grab onto my cock, beating myself off with an insatiable
mania.
My eyes roll back into my head. I start to yell out as I'm hit with my second orgasm of the
night, a blinding tidal wave of sensation that rolls through me and consumes my senses in a way that
literally brings tears to my eyes. I'm convulsing against the powerful unicorn, my body trying
desperately to contain all of the feelings within its simple mortal shell and failing miserably as jizz
erupts once again from the head of my cock.
Almost immediately, Clobe is orgasming as well, pulling me tight against him and then
thrusting upward in one final pound. His muscles pulled taut, Clobe groans loudly and releases all of
his pent up emotions within me, flowing out of him in a series of intense, repetitive pumps that fill my
asshole with his powerful unicorn seed.
For this moment we are in perfect harmony, collapsing into the sand together when it finally
passes and leaves us exhausted and satisfied.
I'm lying on top of the unicorn, running my fingers along his impeccable muscles as I catch
my breath and listening to the soft hiss of the waves on the nearby shore.
"I thought that I'd lost you," I tell him.
"I've given you my word of protection," says the Unicorn Butt Cop, "and that's an oath that I
will not break."
We lay in silence a while longer, taking in the presence of our bodies as the hold them
against one another.
"Where do you think we are?" I finally ask.
"Somewhere far, far away from home," replies Clobe. "I can sense it in the air."
"How will we ever get back?" I continue.
The unicorn chuckles to himself. "You're the one with the spells right? You tell me."
"I'm afraid we'll probably need someone else's spells to get out of this one," I admit.
Clobe sighs. "We should probably go find him then, and then find the people of Billings."
We stand and brush away as much of the sand as we can, then get dressed and head back
across the beach towards where I last saw Zakeff. We round the corner and find the dinosaur wizard
sitting on a small boulder, a long stick in his hand as he draws figures in the wet sand before him.
Zakeff looks up as we approach. "Oh good, he's alive," the dinosaur wizard says,
completely deadpan and void of any emotion.
"Don't look so happy to see me," replies Clobe.
"The more the merrier, we'll need someone to draw fire," Zakeff retorts.
"Alright, alright," I interrupt. "Enough."
I look down at the wizard's sand art curiously, trying to piece together what exactly I'm
looking at. "Is that?" I ask, trailing off.
"An island," Zakeff finishes my sentence for me. "I wasn't sure when we first arrived, but
once I saw that smoke rising up from the crater it all started to make sense."
"You've been here before?" I continue.
"No, very few have and lived to tell about it," explains Zakeff. He points with his stick,
tapping the largest crooked shape in the sand. "We are here, on the big island."
"What's the butt?" I ask, referencing a near by part of his sand sketch.
"You'll see," offers Zakeff. "Huntertuck Island has a long and strange history."
"Sounds very welcoming," jokes Clobe.
"So welcoming that all who make gay love here die sudden and painful deaths within
minutes," the wizard explains.
Clobe and I freeze, an icy cold bolt of fear striking deep within my heart. "What did you
say?" I ask, frantically hoping that I misheard him.
"I'm kidding," replies the triceratops.
"Not funny," I retort, shaking my head.
"Long ago, a unicorn and a man came here to create clones of themselves that would express
their love for all eternity. They built an entire civilization made of just the two of them, but eventually
they became restless and started to experiment. They created all kinds of strange, buttlike creatures
and eventually their technology was used by Rubble Labs to create a weaponized army of super
butts," the dinosaur explains.
"And we all know how that turned out," I reply.
"You think that's bad," Clobe scoffs, "wait until you hear what happened on the island.
Eventually, the clones here became completely cut off from civilization and, some would say, reality.
They developed a craving for endless pounding far beyond the realm of mere scientific discovery.
They wanted deeper butts to pound, more handsome butts to pound, tighter butts to pound; they wanted
it all. Unsatisfied with the limits of this reality, the clones eventually started to worship a powerful
god of dark magic known as Sorpos. They built monuments to him, praised him in their temples, and
sacrificed to him in the very volcano that formed these islands in the first place."
"That smoke in the distance," I murmur.
"Exactly," nods Zakeff. "What they didn't realize is that Sorpos is a very dangerous god to
summon; not exactly keen to respect human life or honor the ones who provided for him. According to
legend, the clones of this island eventually summoned forth Sorpos, but the god's chaotic nature was
unpredictable. Sorpos immediately struck down the entire population of this island with a powerful
spell known as No More Butt Pounding, the absolute worst thing they could ever imagine."
"No more butt pounding?" I question. "Ever?"
"After that the clones left the island in a state of complete hell on earth, never capable of
pounding another butt for as long as they lived," replies Zakeff.
The group of us all stand is silence, letting the rather macabre story settle. As the pieces
being to fall into place my heart skips a beat, suddenly realizing that the citizens of Billings, Chicago
and New York may be in more trouble than we first thought.
"Why did Ted Cobbler bring everyone here?" I ask, already dreading the answer.
"While once a place of great scientific discovery, Huntertuck Island is now known
throughout the magic community as a place of highly concentrated dark magic energy," explains the
wizard. "Though there's been no sign of Sorpos for decades now, many believe that his spirit still
flows through these islands from the otherworld. After gathering as many Friendship Stones as he
could from the Magical Friends Network, and then bringing all of these captives to the island, I
believe that Ted Cobbler is attempting to cast his own version of the No More Butt Pounding spell."
"But why?" I ask.
"Control," answers Zakeff. "Power, insanity. Ted Cobbler is not one who is easily
understood."
I shake my head in astonishment, all of the information being presented to me is almost too
much to handle. "So we get everyone off the island," I announce. "Out of range from the No More Butt
Pounding incantation."
The dinosaur wizard chuckles, "I'm afraid you're not seeing the big picture yet, we have far
more to worry about than just getting out of the way."
"He's going to sacrifice them to Sorpos all for an even more enhanced No More Butt
Pounding spell," Clobe suddenly interjects. "He's going to eliminate butt pounding across the entire
world."
Zakeff and I stop in astonishment, slowly turning back to look at the unicorn in amazement,
Clobe shrugs. "I've learned a lot about magic over the last few days."
"Is he correct?" I ask the triceratops wizard.
"I think so," Zakeff nods, "and with this many lives presented to Sorpos, a butt may never be
pounded again in our known universe."
Immediately, Clobe grabs his backpack. "Then what are we waiting for?"
"We need a plan," explains Zakeff. "If Ted Cobbler is making this mass sacrifice, which I'm
inclined to believe is the case, then we can rightly assume that he will perform it in the way that
Sorpos intended, by throwing people into the volcano."
Zakeff circles the giant butt on his stick drawn map in the sand.
"There are two ways up to the top of the mountain; a main trail," the dinosaur wizard
continues, tracing a winding line that leads directly from where we are to the ass, "or the temple."
"The temple?" I ask.
"According to magical lore, there is a temple somewhere along the base of these cliffs
where the clones here performed rituals to Sorpos, back when they thought that he was a benevolent
god of gayness. Within this temple, there should be a carved staircase the leads up to the top of the
mountain from the inside."
"Isn't there lava in there?" I ask.
"I don't know," admits the dinosaur. "I don't even know if the temple actually exists, but if it
does then it was built long ago and, at this point, it could be quite treacherous. Regardless, it's going
to make that steam room in New York feel like a cool breeze."
"And what do we do once we're up top?" I ask, "It's the three of us against a whole army of
Devilmen."
Zakeff does not have an answer for this, the wizard at a loss for words as we come face to
face with the cold reality of our journey. We were doomed to begin with.
"It's not an army against three," Clobe suddenly chimes in. "It's an army against three whole
cities."
His words send a tiny spark of encouragement into my heart, settling in and slowing
beginning to smolder across the coals.
"They've been beaten and caged," Clobe continues, "but they still have the desire to survive.
What they need is a leader!"
The spark of hope within me catches fire suddenly, a tiny flame flickering in the darkness.
"We shall climb to the top of this mountain and turn the captives against their captors. We
will fight in the name of all that is good in this world and we shall win!" the unicorn yells pulling out
his black baton and pointing it valiantly up towards the mountaintops.
I can sense Zakeff glancing my way but I don't turn to meet his eyes, instead focused squarely
on the handsome Unicorn Butt Cop in front of me. I stand up and, without a word, I wrap my arms
around Clobe's massive frame, lifting myself and kissing him passionately on the lips.
For a brief moment, the two of us are lost in our own world again, drifting together out of
space and time until our lips finally separate and we are transported back down into reality.
"Lead the way, Clobe," I tell him.