Eventually, the air around us becomes cooler and lighter, every step that we take seemingly
relieving an aching weight from our shoulders until suddenly the dim light of an open door from
above can be seen. It spirals down to us along with the frantic screams of trapped citizens.
Clobe immediately turns off his flashlight and brandishes his nightstick, but does not rush
into battle this time around. "We need a plan," the unicorn police officer says.
"Let's start by putting the uniform back on," remarks Zakeff.
Clobe looks down at himself, nods, and then begins to dress.
Zakeff wraps himself yet again in his blue robe, drawing his wand forth and handing me his
spell book.
"Would you like to take another look at Love Is Real?" the triceratops wizard asks.
I shake my head. "I think I've got it."
"Fair enough," says the dinosaur, who then waves a hand over Clobe, himself and me,
casting a protective hot-to-trot blessing.
As soon as we are ready, the three of us creep up to the top of the steps and then peer out
over the edge.
What I see makes me gasp aloud. The top of the mountain levels off into a great rocky
plateau, framed by endless blue sky that would be stunningly beautiful if it weren't for the hundreds
upon hundreds of caged men and women that are smashed together below it. A massive pen has been
constructed from both wood and steel to hold them, and an army of demon guards stand around the
captives with giant, menacing claws, forcing them into position. The entire populace of Billings,
New York, and Chicago all pushed together within the cage.
To the right, the plateau drops off over the edge of the volcano into a fiery molten pit, and
even further still I can see that we have found ourselves at the back of the massive stonework butt, the
ass carved in such a way so that the hollow butthole is just barely bubbling over with lava.
On the left, a path can be seen leading down the mountain, up which devilmen are currently
leading the captives before pushing them roughly into their strange enclosure. The only open edge of
the cage leads directly into the boiling crater below.
Standing over by the massive carved butt is Ted Cobbler, who appears to be drawing a
series of strange, magical symbols in the dirt with his staff, his black robes fluttering around him in
the ferocious mountain wind.
I'm boiling with anger.
"Zakeff, the second we get out there you cast a hot-to-trot shield on the captives, the last
thing we want is for them to start getting slashed up by demons when the uprising begins. They need
at least enough time for them feel like they could actually break out of there before things get dark," I
tell the dinosaur wizard. "After that, you go straight for Ted Cobbler. You're the only one here who
stands any chance against him."
I turn to Clobe, whose eyes are filled with intensity unlike anything I have ever seen. "You
and me will take on the devilmen," I tell him. "I need you out there busting up the guards and inspiring
the captives, getting them riled up enough to break down the fence and start fighting on their own. I'll
help your chances with my Love Is Real spell, but only if I can pull it off. Even with the necklace, I
suspect it will be far too advanced to perform without a misfire, and then I will have very little
energy left to cast anything else."
The unicorn officer nods, clearly thrilled to see me in this position of leadership.
"I'll help you with the guards but my main focus will be the demons coming up the path," I
say.
My heart is pounding out of my chest, the adrenalin almost too much for my body to handle.
"Is everyone ready?" I shout.
Clobe and Zakeff yell in approval.
"Then let's go!" I tell them.
Suddenly, the three of us are bursting up out of the stairwell and flying across the rocky
plateau. Before anyone has a chance to react, Zakeff has created a protective hot-to-trot shield around
the captives and is now turning and sprinting towards Ted Cobbler at full speed.
Clobe batters his way through two wandering devilmen and is now barreling towards the
mass of guards who have been taken completely by surprise.
Meanwhile, I throw out four Buckaroo Tumbleweeds which fly through the air in luminous
green balls and tear apart a handful of demonic soldiers.
"Rise up!" cries Clobe. "The time is now! We have come all the way from Billings to save
you!"
Immediately, the people in the cage begin to hoot and holler, smashing up against the wall of
their enclosure in a genuine, yet entirely unorganized, attempt to escape.
I arrive at the edge of the hillside and find myself face to face with a staggering devilman,
who I kick in the chest as hard as I can and send rolling down the cliff. The two captives who he was
leading immediately turn around and begin fighting alongside me, kicking and punching at the wave of
demons who now struggle to reach the peak. With every devilman that heads into battle against us,
another captive is set free mid transport, many of the immediately turning on their oppressors.
There is suddenly a large flash of lighting that cracks through the air behind me and strikes
the ground nearby. I look back to see that Ted Cobbler has summoned some kind of powerful
electrical dark magic attack on Zakeff, but my companion's protective blessing holds strong, only
phasing out slightly from the damage.
Unfortunately, the incredible display of power has caused the captives to rethink their chance
of escape. While the men and women I was saving had once been turning to fight along side me, every
single one of them has now taken off and started sprinting down the path, far out of reach from the
devastating magical forces and elemental feats that are blasting across the volcano's peak.
The devilmen that were guarding them, however, have no fear as they continue to march
upwards, hell bent on crushing the three heroes that dare defy them and their master, Ted.
"I might need some help over here!" I shout, glancing over at Clobe.
The Unicorn Butt Cop breaks away from the slashing demons before him and maneuvers
over to me, following my gaze down the hill to where the other side's reinforcements are swiftly
approaching.
"There's too many of them," Clobe says, the heat of battle finally too much for him to retain a
face of honor and positivity. "There's just too many of them to hold back."
While Ted Cobbler and Zakeff throw magical tumbleweeds at one another, I point past them
towards the giant, lava spewing butthole. "There!" I say. "Break the edge."
Clobe immediately knows what I'm thinking but also immediately realizes that he can't do it
on his own.
Without a moment to lose, the unicorn charged towards Ted Cobbler, leaping through the air
and tackling the black robed mage to the ground. As Clobe flies past Zakeff he offers one simple
instruction. "Blow out the cheek!"
Zakeff glances over at me, then at Clobe, and then at the ass's massive buns; finally piecing
the puzzled together and realizing what needs to be done.
The handsome dinosaur wizard closes his eyes and recites a magical script, then thrusts his
hand out towards the edge of the structure. From Zakeff's body I can see a long, semi translucent
erection emerge and take off towards the thick wall of stone, blasting through the air at an incredible
speed until it hits the lower corner of the butt's cheek and tears clean through it.
Immediately, the carved structure begins to crumble in on itself, half of the thing falling back
into the lava while the rest plummets downward onto the rocks below in a massive plume of dust. The
most important thing that happens, however, is the diversion of lava that now, without the aid of a
massive butthole directing it, swerves off into a different direction entirely.
There is a split second before the devilmen making their way up the path can even realize
what is happening, but by then it is already too late.
An avalanche of molten lava comes bubbling and cascading down towards the road,
splattering over the edge like a tidal wave and taking the horde of demonic minions caught in its path
with it.
The demonic soldiers that happen be farther down the path when the lava flow strikes simply
turn and retreat, unable to cross the superheated liquid that blocks their path. A few others attempt to
scale the nearby cliff side, but the face is simply too sheer for any of the hellish creatures to reckon
with.
Meanwhile, Clobe has actually managed to get in a few good blows on Ted Cobbler, but the
dark wizard was smart enough to cast a protective shield of his own and remains relatively unharmed.
The two tussle on the ground for a while, Ted Cobbler unable to get enough words out to
form a spell until finally he manages to create a blast of dark, crackling energy that blows Clobe
backwards into the air in flurry of strange, sad frowns. The unicorn flies upwards, overturning
several times in the air as he goes and then landing and skidding across the dirt towards the open
crater.
Clobe disappears over the side of the volcano.
"No!" I cry out, attempting to run back towards the inner edge until a horde of demons block
my path. I come skidding to a stop, suddenly realizing that the guards have successful quelled the
uprising captives and, with Zakeff Ron and Ted Cobbler locked in the heat of battle, there is nobody
left to come to my aid.
If I attempt to cast Love Is Real and I fail, I will be too weak to try again, likely too weak to
even defend myself against the devilmen before me. Still, I see no other option.
Backing away slowly, I begin to murmur the complex incantation that I had only just learned
some hours before, the rhythmic tones piecing together like a puzzle as they escape from my lips.
Eventually, my grave concern of spell failure gives way to a trancelike concentration, hitting every
verbal and mental mark as the stone around my neck begins to heat into a sizzling warmth that flows
through my entire body. As my confidence grows I become louder and louder until I am yelling at the
demons with all of my might.
Suddenly, a spiraling bouquet of pink energy erupts from my chest and swirls across the
battlefield like a hundred ethereal snakes, sizzling and crackling as it spreads over the plateau and off
the edge of the cliff side.
Almost immediately the captives begin to react, overwhelmed by the desire to be free that I
have helped remind them of. There is no longer any doubt within them that love is real.
"Let's go!" I scream, throwing my hands out and beckoning the crowd forth from their cage.
"It's time to fight!"
The demons that we're once advancing upon me now turn their attention back to the captives
who rock the wall of their enclosure back and forth in a terrifyingly unstable sway. It looks as though
the massive cage could collapse at any second.
The hundreds of demon guards around the enclosure immediately begin to attack the men and
women of Billings, Chicago and New York as they rock the fence, but the protective hot-to-trot shield
remains steady until finally, when it's just about to give, the fence around the captives crashes
forward onto the demonic guards themselves.
Now people are pouring out onto the mountaintop battlefield, beating down the devilmen
solders as a pink mist of real love swirls around their feet.
Immediately, I run over to the edge of the crater and stare down, my heart slamming in my
chest as I consider the fact that I may never see Clobe again. Of course, when I arrive I am greeted by
the unicorn's smiling face staring up at me, his hooves gripped tightly onto the rocky ledge as he
dangles precariously over the bubbling lava below.
"Can I get a hand?" The Unicorn Butt Cop asks.
I reach down and try to pull him up, but I'm simply too weak from the recent flurry of spells.
Fortunately, two of the captives are quick to join us and manage to hoist Clobe's muscular unicorn
body back up.
It's not long before the captives have entirely overtaken their guards, the tide of battle
quickly turning in our favor as demons are beat and broken.
Suddenly, there is a second massive crack as lighting flashes through the sky in a fearsome
bolt and strikes the ground once more. I turn just in time to see Zakeff Ron flying through the air, his
robe torn and tattered as he lands next to me. The triceratops wizard is bruised and broken, just
barely conscious as I roll him over and look upon the pained expression of his face.
"Ted Cobbler," Zakeff moans, "stop him."
I glance up just in time to see the dark wizard sprinting towards the edge of the cliff and then
leaping off, gliding outward as he drifts away on the cool ocean breeze with his black robe fluttering
out behind him.
Gathering all of the force that I can muster, I run to the edge of the cliff as I murmur the
mysterious words of Buckaroo Tumbleweed under my breath, then extend my hands outward towards
the dark wizard.
There is a faint sizzle at my fingertips but nothing more, I am simply too drained to produce
another magical effect.
I watch in agony as Ted Cobbler floats away, furious that, for all of our success there is still
one massive thread that remains unfinished, a thread that may very well come back to haunt us.
Suddenly, however, I notice a swarm of large shapes erupt from the cliff side. To my
amazement, I watch as a flock of cockbirds descend upon the gliding wizard, splattering him with
their searing hot cum and causing his flight to take an unexpected turn. Already weakened, the wizard
tries in vain to keep the cockbirds at a distance but he's simply too worn down from the vicious battle
with Zakeff.
Finally, one of the massive dicks swoops in and slaps the dark wizard hard across his face
with the length of its shaft.
The direction of Ted Cobbler's decent immediately changes and suddenly the wizard is
plummeting straight downward in a mass of blank robes that trail out behind him like a comet.
Around me, the few devilmen that are left immediately collapse into red dust, and the point
is even further driven home with a sickening crack as Ted Cobbler's body slams into the rocks down
below.
The crowd around us immediately bursts into an uproarious cheer as tears of joy begin to
well up in my eyes. I look back and see Clobe helping Zakeff to his feet, the triceratops wizard then
magically healing the unicorn and himself with what little energy he has left.
As my eyes drift across the triumphant scene they eventually settle upon the familiar face of
my father, who stands among the revelers and stares at me with a look of pride and shock plastered
across his face. We remain here, facing one another for a moment until my body is suddenly
overwhelmed with emotion and I take off running towards him.
The two of us meet in the middle and throw our arms around one another, holding tight within
a warm embrace that we were both fully prepared to never feel again.
"I can't believe you're here," Deupork says.
"I can't believe it either!" I laugh.
"When I saw you fighting and casting those spells, I thought that it couldn't possibly be you,
but now here you are," the proud man gushes, "not just an office wizard, but a hero."
The word strikes me hard, a strange and unfamiliar title that actually seems to fit despite my
initial apprehension. Am I truly a hero?
As I look around me and see the crying families embracing one another, celebrating their
release, I come to terms with this new position; for now, at least.
Clobe and Zakeff approach us with warm smiles.
"There are some people I'd like you to meet," I tell my father, placing my hand on Zakeff's
shoulder. "This is Zakeff of the Magical Friends Network." I explain.
"Is that some kind of social club?" My father asks, shaking his hand as Clobe cracks an
amused grin nearby.
"It's actually quite an esteemed group of wizards," Zakeff struggles to explain before I cut
him off.
"And this is my love," I say, taking Clobe by the hoof.
Deupork's eyes go wide and I fully expected his protective nature to start kicking in, but the
man somehow manages to hold back and shakes the unicorn's other hoof firmly. I suppose I've finally
found something to appreciate about the kinder, laid back version of my father.
"It's an honor to meet you, sir," says the Unicorn Butt Cop, "and an honor to have grown so
close to your handsome son along our journey."
My father starts to say something in response but as he opens his mouth a loud cough comes
bursting out, immediately reminding me of why I began this quest in the first place. My father staggers
back a bit, clutching his chest as he wheezes painfully and struggling to catch his breath.
All of this adventure and still I find myself without a single pinch of Fishbasil.
Immediately, Zakeff steps forward. "May I?" the dinosaur wizard asks.
My father is terribly confused but still nods in approval, prompting Zakeff to place a hand on
his shoulder and begin to recite a string of magical words. Moments later, a blue light radiates from
the wizard's hand and permeates down into my father's body, flooding him with a strange relief.
Suddenly, Deupork gasps loudly, sitting up straight as the air completely fills his lungs for
the first time in over a year. He looks at Clobe in astonishment.
"Thank you," my father says.
"There are many sick people here," I inform Zakeff. "Sick people from the village who
could use your help."
The triceratops just stares at me.
"You have to help them," I say.
"I don't have the energy," Zakeff proclaims, "and it's imperative that we return to the
Magical Friends Network as soon as possible."
I suddenly remember the agreement I had made regarding the stone around my neck, and then
let out a long sigh.
"We stay until everyone has been healed," I demand, "or I'm not coming with you."
It's an empty threat, my fascination with the Magical Friends Network is far to great to miss
out on this once in a lifetime opportunity, but I'm not sure if Zakeff knows this.
The prehistoric wizard thinks for a moment, clearly annoyed by the position that he's
unexpectedly found himself in until he suddenly notices a light tugging at the bottom of his robe.
Zakeff looks down to find a freckle faced young girl staring up at him, her big beautiful eyes
shimmering with wonder and excitement.
"Um, I just wanted to say thank you," the girl says awkwardly, swaying from side to side as
she speaks. "Thank you for saving us, dinosaur wizard with three horns."
Before Zakeff can even respond the little girl turns and takes off running back towards her
parents, who are waiting nearby. The triceratops turns back to me and let's out a long sigh. "Fine, we
can rest up for the day and I will try my best to heal anyone who needs it later this evening."
I glance over at Clobe. "Looks like he's not completely heartless after all."
"I still have my doubts," the unicorn retorts with a smile.
Zakeff shakes his head, dismissing our banter. "I need to figure out a way to get us off of this
damn island, anyway," he says. "It's going to be a long night."