Typically, I find myself waking just before the rooster crows. It's a habit, but one that can only exist
while I'm not this dead-tired. Today, I somehow find myself sleeping until my own father, Deupork,
comes in and wakes me.
"Pupper," I heard my fathers voice drift into my ears, followed shortly after by a rough
coughing fit.
I sit up, completely thrown off balance by the fact that I've somehow slept through the
roosters wake up call.
"I'm sorry," I say, starting to climb out from under my ratty old blanket.
My father waves away my concerns and takes a seat at the foot of the bed. "It's alright, it's
alright."
In some ways, I actually wish my father would be more upset with me. Ever since he's gotten
sick and things started to fall apart here, Deupork's been way too nice. I've spent the majority of my
years with a father who worked until he could hardly stand, went to bed, and then did it all over again
the very next day. He expected the same from me, a constant disciplinarian who showed his love
through structure. These days, though, he is a shadow of his former, hard-edged self. The sickness has
made him soft, and it's strangely tragic to see my father this way.
"I should get to work," I tell Deupork, trying again to stand.
Once more my father stops me. "It's going to be fine," he says.
I can sense something strange in Deupork's voice, a deep and relaxed tone that could only
come from someone who has finally accepted the truth of a great tragedy.
"What happened?" I suddenly interject.
My father laughs, his tone gravely and strained from all of the coughing. "I was going to ask
you the same thing. You haven't slept in past the rooster since you were a little boy."
"Are you alright?" I ask. "You don't seem like yourself."
"Sentimental?" he questions.
I nod.
"With the time that I haven't been working in the fields, I've been thinking a lot," my father
explains. "Thinking about you, about the office farm."
"I'm going to be alright," I tell him, "and the farm is going to be alright, too. There will be
plenty off food for everyone back at work."
My father chuckles. "I believe one of those things."
"Why?" I question. "What do you mean?"
Deupork shakes his head. "It's no use, there's just too much ground to cover out there. Since
your mother died, you've had so many duties around the house. I've been sick. There's just not enough
time to do the work that needs to be done."
I shake my head in protest. "The harvest is still good," I assure him. "And it's not like we
have that many people to feed back at the office."
"The harvest is dead," says my father. "It's just no use anymore. Your little magic shows are
bringing in more money than the farm is right now."
I try to interject but stop because I know, deep down in my heart, that he's right. It has been a
struggle ever since this season began, a struggle to coax even the slightest bit of green out from the
soil. Combine that with the terrible sickness that has worked its way through most of Billings, and you
have a recipe for disaster.
"There must be something that we can do," I say.
"There is," my father nods, "but it won't make much of a difference. We'll salvage as much
of the crops as we can, but most of them we will need to leave to die. We need to focus on the ones
that have a chance, hearty roots and things that can stand on their own. Anything leafy and green is just
not going to happen this year. You'll have to tell your boss that salads are off the menu."
I sigh, accepting his works.
My father shrugs. "But on the bright side, you'll have more time to study your magic books."
He's right, but his assurance means nothing to me right now. I feel like a disappointment, a
failure, and that's going to be a difficult feeling to shake.
"And what if you're not better by next year?" I ask.
With most sickness this question would seem utterly absurd, yet this terrible plague seems to
stick around, unrelenting as it tortures its victims for years on end. Few have died from it, but those
who are effected often find themselves bed ridden for six to eight seasons. It's a miracle that my
father is even attempting to work, but it's a testament to his character I suppose.
"I don't know," my father says, trying his best not to show the fear that lurks so clearly
beneath his steady gaze.
Deupork stands up and smiles. "Let's relax this morning for a bit. Why don't you head into
town today? See some friends."
"We need to work," I counter, not used to being the stubborn one.
"You need to live," my father tells me.
Suddenly, the memories of last night come flooding back to me like a surreal dream. I reach
around under the covers and find the stone next to me, grasping onto it. My first thought is to show my
father, but I stop myself after realizing that the last thing I'd like to do is get his hopes up about a
valuable jewel which is actually worth nothing at all.
First things first, I'll take it in for appraisal.
"Actually, there are a few things I'd like to take care of in town," I tell my father.
He smiles a wide and genuine smile. "Good."
"Then it's back to the fields right when I return," I say. "Those workers aren't going to feed
themselves back at Buttcorp."
"Of course," my father nods, "back to the fields."
He turns to leave when suddenly I stop him with a question.
"Have you heard anything about the devilmen?" I ask. "People at work were saying that
they've been stalking Billings at night."
"People at work say a lot of things," my father replies.
"I saw one," I tell him, bluntly.
At first, it appears that my father thinks this is a joke, but as my face stays stern his
expression eventually contorts to join me.
"These are strange times," Deupork says. "Strange times, indeed.
"I've never seen anything like it," I tell him, my voice dropping down into a hushed whisper,
"so spooky I almost keeled over."
He considers my words for a moment, nodding to himself in silence and then finally speaks.
"Be careful. I want you home from work before dark from now on."
"It would be easier if the cars were working," I say, frustrated, "but alright."
I instantly smile, relieved by the small taste of my father's familiar stern demeanor.
"Still no word from the mayor of Billings?" My dad asks.
I shake my head. "None of the city lights are working, and no cars have been working
anywhere. Dark magic is in the air."
Without another word, Deupork leaves and I climb out of bed, dressing quickly and then
heading out for the Billings Pawn Shop for an appraisal, the stone tucked safely within my jeans
pocket.
In the broad daylight, this long road into Billings is infinitely less intimidating; though I give
slight pause when I stroll past the location of the devilman from last night. There is no evidence of
our skirmish other than a large indent in the grass from where the large rock had landed, and then the
stone itself some few feet away.
I stop for a moment and pull the rosy gem out of my pocket, running my fingers across the
otherworldly smoothness of its pink surface. I notice now as I hold it that there seems to be a very
subtle heat emanating from inside, and although it could just be a product of the sun reflecting through
it's semi translucent shell, something even more peculiar seems to be at work here. The shimmering
sparkle that I had noticed before is even more apparent in the daylight, seeming to surge through the
gem at every angle as I turn it in my hand.
"Hey!" I voice suddenly shouts, causing me to jump and nearly drop the stone. "What's going
on, Pupper?"
I look up to see a familiar bunch of faces cresting over the ridge before me on horseback. I
immediately recognize all of them, but this particular bunch is somewhat curious to me in their
arrangement. I know all of these unicorn cops, but I don't believe that I have ever once seen them
together.
"Clobe Showbant," I nod addressing the lead unicorn, then nodding to the others. "Hello,
Dasher. Hey, Churps. Don't all of you work at different stations around Billings?"
"On an errand for Mayor Fancy." Clobe explains, looking around at his crew of three men.
"She called upon the most bad ass Butt Cops in all of Billings."
I do my best to stifle the laugher that yearns so desperately to escape from my throat. It may
be true, these Unicorn Butt Cops may be the best in Billings, but that is not saying much.
Still, I can't help but find myself intimidated by these unicorn's on horseback for slightly
different reasons. They are all devilishly handsome, toned to perfection from hours of intense Butt
Cop training. Clobe has an especially alluring quality to him, a sincerity and boyish charm that is
quite captivating, even to someone like me who prefers the dark, brooding, and intellectual type. His
white mane shimmers in the sunlight.
Clobe recognizes my expression and reacts accordingly, with unfazed dignity and grace.
"You may scoff at our presence, but I am honored to serve you as a pround Unicorn Butt Cop, Billings
Devision."
I raise a hand. "It's an honor to be served," I tell him.
Clobe nods.
"Is Mayor Fancy not concerned about the demonic creatures that roam these hills?" I ask,
curious. "With all of our best butt cops away, who will protect us?"
"How about yourself, office wizard?" Dasher jokes. "When the calls come to sell us new
butt gear down at the station, how come you're never on the phone? Too busy doing card tricks?"
The unicorns on horseback instantly erupt into a fit of laugher, clearly pleased with
themselves. Clobe, however, remains silent.
"Magic comes in handy," I tell them.
"Ha!" Scoffs Dasher. "The last thing we need on a life or death Butt Cop operation is cheap
parlor tricks. Is your little hunk Channing going to strut some criminal to death with his little legs?"
"So you've heard about my show?" I ask.
"I've heard," retorts Dasher, "word around the office is that you need to update your act."
Then unicorns burst into a fit of laughter once more and I find myself with just the slightest
twinge of anger brewing deep within me. I may be an amateur in the world of charming man magic,
but very few people in this land carry even the slightest spark of wizardry within them.
Still, I remain calm.
"Enough!" shouts Clobe, silencing his crew. " We are here to protect, serve, and pound, not
harass."
"Thank you." I say, nodding to the handsome officer. "So what does old Fancy have you
doing for her?"
"Fishbasil," reveals Clobe.
My heart nearly stops as his words hit my ears, immediately sending me into a state of shock
and wonder.
"Fishbasil?" I ask. "Here?"
"Indeed," Clobe replies. "There's a swamp out in Lockwood. We've heard tell that the
Fishbasil is growing there by the bushel."
Suddenly, everything about this conversation has changed, shifted into the favor of these
rough and tumble men. I need to find a way to join them on their journey. I need to find a way to the
Fishbasil.
"Not so funny now, are you?" asks Dasher. "Isn't your dad sick with the plague that has
slowed Billings to a crawl?"
"Enough!" shouts Clobe once again, clearly distressed by his companion's lack of tact.
I shake my head, waving away the unicorn's concerns. "No, it's alright. I want to hear what
he has to say."
Dasher smirks. "Your father could probably use some Fishbasil in his spaghetti sauce,
couldn't he?"
I nod.
As far as anyone knows, the Fishbasil is the only way to immediately cure the sickness that
has overtaken our small part of the world. If a bushel of the flower is smashed and ground into a fine
powder, then administered via spaghetti and meatballs to a stricken man or women, the duration of
there sickness goes instantly from years to days. Of course, Fishbasil is also nearly impossible to
find.
"How do you know that it's actually there in the swamp?" I ask.
"Mayor says it is," Clobe interjects. "We are under her orders."
"Doesn't Fancy have more important things to do right now?" I question. "Like figure out
whats happening with the city power, or why no cars have been starting anywhere in Montana? I
mean, you're on horseback for fuck's sake!"
"Fancy want's us out looking for Fishbasil," Dasher says bluntly.
"And she's going to sell it?" I continue.
Clobe is silent; clearly not wanting to think too deeply about the real answer.
"Maybe," Dasher interjects. "She says she's got a nephew who needs it. That's not our
business though, we're paid to not ask questions."
I think about this for a moment and then finally offer them a concrete proposition.
"Take me with you." I say, bluntly.
Dasher rolls his eyes. "What, you think I was kidding?"
"I don't care what the mayor is paying you, I won't take a cut." I beg. "All that I ask is you
let me join you. If something goes wrong I can fight by your side. There's devilmen everywhere, the
lights are out, something is wrong and you know it. Make you a deputy and I'll go with you."
I look to Clobe for help, but quickly realize the officer's hooves are tied. On this
assignment, Dasher has been deemed his superior.
"Fight?" Dasher scoffs. "Those tiny hunks are vicious, are they?"
"Then give me a gun," I demand.
Suddenly realizing how serious I am, the men grow silent.
"I'm sorry," Clobe tells me flatly.
"You're just going to get in the way," Dasher explains.
With that, the leader of this ragtag band kicks his horse into gear and the group of them
begins to trot past me, heading down the road as I stand in sadness and disappointment.
My mind is flooded with all kinds of thoughts and emotions, but more than anything one
message from my father sticks in the forefront of my brain.
"You need to live." I say to myself, repeating back Deupork's words for a second time. I'm
well aware that this is not at all what he imagined he would be influencing when he opened himself
up this morning, but the seed has already been planted. The northern swamp is less than a day away
by car, but that's obviously not an option.
Luckly, this cowboy knows his way around a farm.
Without a second to lose, I begin sprinting back home where the stables await.
My father and I will bow our livelihood to this sickness no longer. I will return by nightfall
with a bushel of Fishbasil, whether these men want me to come along with them or not.
It takes me a while to catch up with the group of Unicorn Butt Cops, but eventually I find
them along the interstate and slow to a trot, as far back as I can without getting noticed. Out in the
hills around Billings this would be quite a task in itself, but by now the scenery has grown a
considerable amount more lush, the trees that spring up on either side of the dirt road growing more
and more frequent until eventually I find myself in an ever thickening forest.
Although the distance only amounts to a handful of miles, I rarely get this far out from the city
thanks to my plethora of duties around the farm. I'm capable enough to know that this area is still
teeming with wildlife that can be less than friendly, so I try to keep my wits about me as I trot.
Montana is a safe place but, with dark magic in the air, you can never be too careful.
My mindfulness pays off when the unicorns ahead of me break for a meal, and I somehow
manage to notice them before they notice me, turning abruptly and then tying my steed to a nearby tree.
Now on foot, I creep up through the thick forest and observe the gathering.
The Butt Cops are in good spirits, clearly happy to be out here on an errand for the mayor.
Hay appears to be the menu for the evening, and the unicorn's are quick to dive in as I watch
with a rumbling stomach. In my hurry I had forgotten to pack snacks of any kind, but as a temporary fix
I quietly cast Suppress Hunger on myself, which seems to do the trick.
As I watch from my hiding place, my mind begins to drift. I think back to my father and the
way that his stern nature is slowly eroding away. It's strange to think of that as a bad thing, but I really
do miss the way that he was. Even at his most ruthlessly disciplinarian, there was never any question
that Deupork loved me from the bottom of his heart.
My deep thoughts are suddenly penetrated by the familiar sound of my own name, which is
so startling that, at first, I think that I must have been caught. I glance over at the circle of men with a
jolt, my heart skipping a beat but then relaxing when I find their mention of me to be entirely
coincidental.
"You have to admit, he's pretty fucking cute," Dasher says to the others. They all nod in
agreement except for Clobe who remains completely stone faced and quite put off by this rowdy
discussion.
"Those calves, too," agrees Justin Tumerline, a rookie Butt Cop whose already been making
a name for himself around the city "Dude comes in sometimes and tries to sell butt supplies face-to-
face, never stays at the station too long but he seems like he's got a real something to him when he's
not going on with those spells and what not."
The whole group groans.
"What kind of guy in his right mind would be so consumed by the world of gay charming man
magic?" asks Dasher.
"That's what I'm saying," nods Justin. "You'd never give him a second glance other than a
chuckle at that damn hunk trick. But the second you see him on a day off, like today, now that's
something!"
Finally, Clobe speaks up. "You don't like a man with hobbies?"
The others exchange glances, not exactly sure how to proceed.
"Hobbies like servicing his bud after a long day?" asks Dasher.
"There's more to a good guy than that, I can assure you," Clobe says.
"So you like the tricks?" Dasher continues prodding.
"I said that I like a man who can do more than just cook and clean and take me to bed,"
Clobe continues.
"Sounds good enough for me!" Justin suddenly butts in, causing the handful of unicorns to
erupt in a fit of uproarious laughter.
Meanwhile, I'm seething with anger, fighting every urge I have to march over there and give
them a piece of my mind. In fact, in any other situation I would, but I know that as soon as their aware
I'm tailing them, the men will immediately send me back home and be sure to not let it happen again.
It's abundantly clear that I am the last person any of them is willing to take seriously, other than
Clobe, at least.
Suddenly, my thoughts are halted by the appearance of something long and low to the ground
that's winding it's way through the underbrush. This particular part of the woods is absolutely
overflowing with ferns, which makes any identification of the creature impossible, but from my
vantage point its rustling can be vaguely seen with a keen enough eye.
From where the men sit and talk, however, the approaching movement is practically
invisible.
Not wanting to give away my position, I hesitate before alerting the gang. There are plenty of
creatures that call this forest their home, and the vast majority of them are perfectly harmless. Still,
something doesn't sit right about the strangeness of the approaching movement. The only thing that I
could imagine being that long, lean, and low, is a Billings Rattler.
Meanwhile, the cops continue to joke and laugh at my expense, an ironic notation on this
situation due to the fact that I could possibly hold their fate in my hands.
I am absolutely frozen, my breathing ceased and my eyes locked onto the ferns over which
the movement last occurred.
I watch and wait for something, anything, to happen, for any shred of evidence as to weather
or not I should offer up a warning, to my own personal detriment. Of course, if there really is a threat
the unicorns might appreciate my help and allow me to join them, but if I come out yelling and the
culprit happens to be row of harmless squirrels, then they'll have even more of a reason to not take
me seriously.
Moments later, there is a very subtle shake in the underbrush directly next to Dasher. The
mythical beast glances behind him but apparently sees nothing, because seconds later he turns back to
rejoin the conversion.
More rustling commences shortly after, only this time it's headed away from Dasher and
making it's way around the edge of the clearing to where Justin is seated.
"Is everything alright, friend?" Clobe suddenly asks, noticing the strangely vacant expression
that begins to make it's way across the face of Dasher.
The dazed unicorn nods, somewhat unconvincingly. "I'm just very tired all of a sudden. The
day has worn me thin."
Clobe laughs. "Well perk up! We have many hours of travel yet ahead."
Dasher just stares blankly forward, blinking a few times as if trying to correct his own
failing vision.
From where I am positioned I can suddenly see the ferns trembling near, Justin, who also sits
at the edge of the circle, only this time I get a glimpse of why. In a split second movement, something
large and red projects itself from the ferns at lightning speed, apparently snapping a quick bite into
Justin's lower back before disappearing into the shrubs once more.
I can't quite make out the creatures appearance, but whatever it's doing is not good.
Immediately, I make my choice. I stand up and sprint out towards the men, shouting as I go.
"Behind you! There's something in the forest!" I cry.
The unicorns turn to me, startled as three of them stand and draw their guns while Dasher and
Justin slump forward, Dasher keeling over entirely onto the dirt before him.
"There!" I shout, joining the group and pointing off into the ferns where the movement has
becoming increasingly apparent.
"Show yourself!" yells Clobe, his weapon aimed at the bushes and ready to fire.
Sensing that it's secrecy has been compromised, a slender and utterly terrifying creature
suddenly emerges from the ferns, while Dasher and Justin begin to convulse spastically on the ground.
The monster is unlike anything I have ever seen, but strangely similar to the devilman from
last night in that it appears to be summoned from the deepest pits of hell.
However, this abomination is entirely more surreal in it's makeup, a body of red scales like
that of a massive constrictor snake, while the head of a human skull sits atop with four long, glistening
fangs protruding from the creature's mouth. Based on my studies, I can clearly tell that this being is of
dark magic origin but, other than that, I am at a loss regarding the details of its creation.
The demon snake rears back onto its long, arching neck and assumes a position of
aggression, ready to strike.
Two gun blasts go off but the snake dodges easily.
Suddenly, the beast snaps forward towards Clobe as the officer maneuvers deftly to the side
and narrowly avoids the grip of its razor sharp fangs.
Clobe takes another shot at the creature, then another, but misses thanks to the lighting fast
retraction of the hell serpent.
Meanwhile, Dasher and Justin are now frothing from the mouth as they seize and convulse in
the dirt, clearly reacting to something devastatingly powerful in the monster's long fangs. I
immediately sprint towards the unicorns, hoping to get a read on weather or not they can be helped,
but as the demon snake rears up once more I skid to a halt, realizing now that I have entered the heat
of battle without a weapon of my own, or a means of protecting myself.
"Get back!" Shouts another one of the cops, turning to face me and extending his hoof in
warning. Unfortunately, the monster before us seizes this time to spring yet another attack, lashing out
and clamping its jaws down onto the unicorn's muscular, maned neck with horrific quickness.
The moment is so fast that the Butt Cop himself barely seems to notice, reaching back and
placing a single hoof on the wound as it trickles with the faintest hint of rainbow blood. The young
officer pulls his hoof back and looks at his fingertips, now stained with a deep red.
"Am I poisoned?" he asks aloud, a look of overwhelming fear plastered across his face.
I don't know what to tell him, standing there in complete shock as this Billings Butt Cop
grapples with the looming presence of his own death. He opens his mouth to speak yet again, but this
time the words come out in a blended mess of syllables, desperately grappling for some kind of
semblance.
"I don't know any healing spells," I tell him, utterly devastated by my own admission. "I'm
sorry."
The young unicorn collapses onto the ground before me, the third casualty of this devastating
surprise attack. Now only Clobe and me remain.
"Where is it?" I ask, realizing now that the strange serpent has disappeared once again into
the thick underbrush.
Clobe holds up his hand for silence, his eyes remaining transfixed on the thick forestation
that lies before us. In the heat of battle the Butt Cops appear to have all ran out of ammo and, as
quickly as it arrived, our deadly visitor has disappeared once more, circling our small clearing like a
patient shark with a thirst for blood.
Clobe tosses his handgun to the ground and, which his other hoof, pulls out a batton.
From the left comes a subtle rustling of leaves, but within seconds the sound seems to have
switched sides and is now circling in on our right. The cool breeze that sweeps through the forest is
not granting us any favors, either, offering ample distractions that could easily be a sign of the monster
as it weaves its way along the edge of the clearing.
"Pupper," Clobe says in a soft tone, facing away from me with his body frozen still, steel
blade at the ready. "Cast your hunk spell."
I glance at the guardsmen in confusion, not sure if he is joking at first and then realizing
suddenly that the Unicorn Butt Cop is completely serious.
"The hunk?" I ask.
Clobe nods slowly, his eyes never ceasing their intense gaze upon the forest. "Send it
strutting above the ferns, draw out the beast."
A smile crosses my face as I realize what Clobe has in mind, not because I'm sure it will
work, but because I feel as though my talents are actually being respected for once.
Of course, knowing what I know of devilman creations, our attempt at distraction will not
succeed.
The demonic exist as empty, magically driven vessels, only capable of carrying out their
tasked mission by the wizard who manifested them. They do not see, hear, or smell, only sense in
some unexplainable way that we earthly creatures cannot quite fully comprehend.
Suffice to say; I doubt my little hunk, Channing, will give this horrific beast any pause. It's
worth a try, though, and if there is one thing that could possibly catch hold of the serpents radar, it's
magic.
Immediately, I get to work reciting the verbal incantation of my most frequently used spell.
The words move across my lips in a quick, rhythmic flow that I have rehearsed thousands of times
before, yet this time something seems different. I can't quite put my finger on it, but as I finish the
incantation I suddenly realize that the jewel sitting innocently within my front pocket has grown
sizzling hot to the touch, warming my skin through the fabric of my cloth skirt.
I finish the spell and open my hand, but what emerges is nothing like what I expect. Without
warning, a massive, orange man bursts forth, blooming like a fountain of flame from my hand and then
flexing his abs to illuminate the clearing around us in a radiant glow. He has somehow manifested
itself at the size of a large, full-grown stud.
Although the hunk has no physical tangible force, the shock of producing such a handsome
man causes me to stumble backwards in surprise. I watch as the magical entity struts his way
confidently across the ferns, circling us lazily as dripping sparks of orange fall from his biceps and
calves.
For the first time, Clobe glances away from the forest, looking back at me as an expression
of impressed dismay now completely overwhelms him. I feel a flash of something powerful between
us, a quick moment of attraction that is fleeting, but potent.
Our distracted nature doesn't last long, however, as the serpentine devilbeast takes the bait
and suddenly rears it's terrifying head from the brush just a few feet behind us.
The demonic snake and the hunk begin to dance back in forth the air, poised and ready to
strike as they circle back and forth with one another. Little does the serpent know, or even have the
capability of understanding, that the hunk itself poses no threat at all.
Seizing the moment, Clobe suddenly makes his move and lunges at the bone serpent from the
rear, throwing all of his energy into a powerful, two-handed blow with his heavy batton. The swing
hits it target, cracking the demon's neck at the spine. The creature's lengthy base immediately
collapses back into the ferns with a hollow clatter as my hunk struts back over to me and poses
fiercely.
I look up at it in awe, and then pull the hot stone out of my pocket. Not only has the pink gem
elevated in temperature, but it glows bright in my hands, shimmering with a magical energy that only
now begins to fade as the massive hunk above me dissipates into the ether.
I stare at the small gem in utter fascination until it cools to the touch. When I finally look up,
I see Clobe investigating the remains of the demonic monster, which he has drug forth from the bushes
and lain out in the clearing before us.
Now that I can see it fully, the devilman serpent is even more strange and disturbing than I
had initially thought.
"What is it?" Clobe asks me bluntly.
I shake my head. "I have no idea."
"But you know magic, do you not?" The Butt Cop continues.
"This is far beyond my talents," I tell the man, but then collect my courage and kneel down
before the unmoving body of this strange creature.
"Dark magic?" Clobe asks.
I nod. "There are eight schools of magic; charming man, hot-to-trot, business, goofs,
decoration, buckaroo, snack and dark magic. Dark magic is the only school that could have brought
forth a beast such as this."
Clobe kneels down next to me, examining the fangs that protrude sharply from the skull.
"This was summoned for assassination," the unicorn observes keenly. He's not the sharpest sword in
the fire, but he certainly knows the ways of battle.
"Very likely," I agree. "This is not the creation of any simple dark magic spell, it was built
with specific purpose."
"To hunt and kill," Clobe says, his gaze drifting over to the three fallen comrades that lie next
to use in the dirt.
A great sadness suddenly overwhelms Clobe, and as the anxiety and suspense of battle
begins to settle it hits me, as well. Billings is rarely touched with bitter ends that are so violently
carried out.
Clobe lets out a heavy sigh, his head lowered as he continues to process the death that lies
before him. It's terribly sad, but his reverence is strangely charming.
"We must return the bodies to their families," the unicorn announces.
I don't disagree, because I know that there will be no argument, even if I wanted to push
onward to the swamp. In a city like Billings, there is an honor among Unicorn Butt Cops that cannot
be superseded, and Clobe appears to be the most honorable of them all.
I help Clobe load up the deceased onto one of their horses and then we turn back towards the
city.