The forest of the island is much thicker than the ones I am used to, the ferns and trees around
us grown to absolutely gargantuan proportions without the interference of humans, bigfeet or unicorns
to hinder them. We have yet to encounter any of the genetically engineered wildlife, but the butt songs
that ring out through the woods around us are haunting and unfamiliar.
It's not long upon our journey that I find the trees opening up above us for a brief glimpse at
the volcano from a closer angle, at which point I gasp in astonishment. Carved into the top of the
mountain is a massive ass, it's butthole running with streaks of molten lava that cascades down the
cliff side and scorches the rocky face below in long black lines.
"I said you'd figure out what the butt meant soon enough," laughs Zakeff.
"They must have really thought highly of pounding ass," I remark, "such incredible people. I
can't believe that Sorpos turned on them like that."
"The moral of this story; never mess with dark magic," Zakeff tells me. "No matter how
many more butts that you think you're gonna pound."
"I've been thinking," begins Zakeff Ron, handing me his spell book as we walk, his thumb
marking a specific page. "It's time you learned your first true spell of real charming man, we might
need it."
I carefully take the book from Zakeff and open the page for myself, scanning across the text.
It's a very difficult spell, but as I read it my necklace begins to glow and I find myself blessed with a
seemingly supernatural understanding of its inner workings.
"Love Is Real," I read the spell's title aloud.
"Just incase Clobe needs a little help with the crowd," replies Zakeff. "It might be a good
idea to learn this while you can."
"This is much too complex to learn as we travel," I protest. "This spell would take weeks to
copy down."
Zakeff smirks and hands me a pen, taking his book back and holding it open before me with
one hand as we hike. "Better get started."
Admittedly amused by the dinosaur wizard's pluck, I pull out my own spell book and begin
to copy, the stone around my neck now simmering with heat against my skin.
Before long, I find myself completely engrossed in my work, the diagrams and tables all
flooding together and connecting in one giant equation that I actually might have a vague grasp on. My
thoughts are so consumed by the magical instructions that I completely lose track of how much time
has passed until suddenly the group stops walking and I almost knock Zakeff's spell book right out of
his claws.
"Where are we?" I ask, looking upwards.
The incredible vision before me answers my own question, however, as I gaze upon the vast
cliff side that runs along the edge of the volcanic mountain. We are close enough now to make out the
intricacies of the rocky surface, the gnarly branches the jut out sideways from the sheer face, as well
as the utterly enormous winged dicks that sit perched upon them.
"Cockbirds," explains Zakeff, pointing up at the flock as it sits and watches us intently from
above.
It's hard to get an exact read on the size of these creatures from a distance, but if I had to
guess I would say that they appear the be about the size of an average human male, standing at
attention in the form of a massive erect penis.
"Are they dangerous?" I ask.
Zakeff nods. "Another one of the cloning experiments gone wrong. Cockbirds are known to
rain super heated sperm down on anyone unfortunate enough to get too close."
"Are we too close?" I ask.
"We will be soon," Zakeff nods. "Let's put the spell book away for the time being. Heads
up."
Now that we've reached the cliff, the goal has become a trip around the edge, looking to see
if we can find anything that resembles an ancient place of worship while staying far enough away to
not draw any unwanted attention from the mutant cockbirds.
It doesn't take long, however, before we find what we are looking for.
"There!" shouts Clobe, pointing through the trees.
I follow his lead with my gaze and eventually find myself staring at a surprisingly small
doorway that has been carved into the base of the cliff. Around it, an ornate border of skulls has been
etched into the stone.
Clobe begins to confidently march forward through the underbrush but Zakeff reaches out and
grabs him by the shoulder, which causes the unicorn to freeze.
"Wait, the cockbirds," Zakeff warns. "They're not evil creatures, but they are very, very
territorial."
I watch as the heads of the dicks on the cliff side swivel and shift towards us, rotating on
their bodies as a collective of strange, instinctual penises.
"They're watching," the dinosaur wizard continues.
"How fast are they?" asks Clobe.
"Quite," replies the triceratops. "But I don't see any other option besides running for it."
"Can you protect us?" I ask.
I can see that my choice of words seems to bother Clobe, but there's nothing I can do about it
now.
Zakeff nods. "But I'd like to save my energy for Ted Cobbler. I'll give us a minor hot-to-trot
shield from above, but it will only last so long with the boiling cum raining down."
The three of us exchange glances, signifying our mutual approval of the slightly reckless, but
necessary, plan.
"Ready?" Zakeff asks. "Head for the door in as straight a line as you possibly can.
We nod.
The wizard turns to face the cliff yet again and says a few words, a strange enchantment that
flows and dances across his tongue and then stops abruptly. Nothing appears to have happened.
"Did you do it?" I question.
Zakeff nods. "It's there."
Clobe, who stands at the lead of us, hesitates for a moment, clearly considering the fact that
Zakeff may very well be lying and sending him into battle to die. The Unicorn Butt Cop takes a few
steps forward and then halts awkwardly. He looks back at Zakeff.
The bad boy triceratops says nothing.
There is a strange anger and resentment when their eyes meet, an emotional exchange even
more powerful than I would have ever expected.
Suddenly, Clobe opens his mouth to speak. "I trust you," the unicorn pledges, then turns and
runs out from the undergrowth, sprinting towards the temple door.
Immediately, the birds screech loudly and begin to swoop down over the top of Clobe,
spitting a scalding hot rain of semen like a waterfall of searing pain.
"Go!" cries Zakeff, causing me to suddenly realize that I've been standing here frozen like a
statue the entire time.
As I run towards the temple door, a cascade of hot jizz begins to fall down and then splatter
away from me. Its as though a shimmering blue roof has been erected just a meter above our heads,
keeping us save as we dash below it. I look up as I run to see the hot ropes of sperm glancing off of
the magical shield this way and that, the safeguard hovering in a long direct line to the entrance before
us.
The buffer quickly begins to dissolve and shimmer, however, losing its physical
manifestation as it continues to take a beating. One or two drops begin to make it through the barrier
and then eventually entire splatters.
Thankfully, we're almost to the safety of the doorway.
Clobe enters first, followed by myself and then Zakeff in the back, who just barely makes it
in before the entire thing collapses and drops an avalanche of burning cockbird jizz onto the dirt
behind us.
Completely out of breath, I lean up against the nearby wall and steady myself while Clobe
looks onward into the darkness of the long, ancient hallway that we've suddenly found ourselves in.
Zakeff holds his arm and winces, a collection of sizzling burns in his robe that reveal
charred scales and flesh beneath.
"Oh no," I say, standing and approaching the wizard, "you're hurt."
Zakeff shakes his head emphatically. "It's nothing, it's nothing."
The dinosaur wizard takes his opposite hand and hovers it above the wound, saying a few
magic words in a way that makes me think he's probably said them several thousand times before.
When Zakeff finishes speaking he pulls his hand away, revealing a perfectly healed wound without so
much as a scar to be found.
I shake my head in astonishment. "Incredible."
"You could easily learn a simple hot-to-trot healing spell," says Zakeff. "You're already
much more powerful than you know."
As Zakeff says this I find myself blushing slightly, trying hard not to read more into his
compliment than I probably should. I feel as though I've covered for myself well enough, however,
until I realize that the stone around my neck is glowing slightly, a dead giveaway of my blossoming
gay feelings for the bad boy.
Clobe notices, but says nothing.
"Onward and upward," Zakeff Ron finally declares, climbing to his feet.
The walls of the stone temple are lit with torches, many of which are still quite usable after
all of this time in the dark. Clobe removes a flashlight from his backpack and places it in his mouth,
shining outward, then leads.
"As we make our way forward keep this in mind," Zakeff begins, "the temple may have been
abandoned long ago, but traps and magic have no age. There may still be plenty to worry about within
these passages."
Clobe nods, and then continues bravely down the darkened passageway that stretches out
before us.
Carved into the walls on either side of the ancient ruins are incredibly intricate works of art,
giant murals that stretch on for the entire length of the passage. In stunning detail they depict an origin
story of unicorns and men, first the two of them arriving at the island by boat and then eventually
cloning themselves by the hundreds and the thousands. Soon the murals morph into a massive gay
orgy, pounds being pounding from every direction.
Eventually, the pathway breaks off into a larger, circular room that appears to be a place of
prayer. Around the room, in a circle, are six large stone statues that watch with imposing eyes as we
scan our surroundings. There doesn't appear to be any way out.
By now the air has grown even hotter than I had first expected, almost stinging my lungs as
the sweat begins to form on my brow. I wipe it away, trying to focus but having a hard time under the
oppressive sensation of this intense heat.
"Let's get out of here as soon as possible," I say breathlessly. "This heat is killing me."
I look up at Zakeff and stop abruptly, my gaze frozen on the incredible shirtless triceratops
that stands before me. He has removed his robe, opting to cool off by carrying it over his shoulder
instead.
"I think…" I stammer, "maybe… we…"
Zakeff glances back, amused, but says nothing as he begins to inspect the statues, his perfect,
scaly body rippling with sweet muscular excellence.
Clobe seems displeased by my preoccupation with the wizard's body and, not to be outdone,
removes his shirt, as well, so that the two of them are exposed and glistening in the torch light. Clobe
begins to inspect the room, too, albeit not as thoroughly as Zakeff because the unicorn has no idea
what to look for.
Zakeff eventually stops when he reaches a massive stone slab, directly across from the
entrance of the room. He raps his claw on it hard, listening back to the tone that echoes throughout the
chamber around us.
"You hear that?" the wizard asks. "This slab is much thinner than the rest of them. I suspect
there is a secret passageway behind this door."
The dinosaur wizard walks back to the center of the room and I try my best not to stare at the
subtle moments of his chest and abs, but it's impossible not too. The stone around my neck starts to
glow even brighter and I grab it with one hand, covering the light.
"Each one of these six statues represents an elder god of dark magic, but it also corresponds
to a constellation in the sky," Zakeff infers. "Now, maybe if we push them backwards a bit in
corresponding order with the star cycle, we can trigger the secret passage to open up."
The hot, prehistoric wizard walks up to one of the statues and tries to move it. It won't
budge.
"Or maybe," Zakeff continues, "maybe if we point the arms of each statue towards their
corresponding position in the sky, that will unlock the secret door. Very clever."
The triceratops climbs up onto one of the stone figures and attempts to bend its arm, which
remains completely steadfast in its attachment to the sculpted body.
"Or what if…" Zakeff starts to say, but is suddenly cut off by a loud crash.
The wizard and I turn to see that Clobe has kicked a hole through the stone tablet door with
his front hooves, then entire thing collapsing to the ground and shattering as it gives way to the hidden
passageway behind.
"Or maybe we could just break it open," Clobe says with a smile.
I can't help but chuckle to myself as the muscular Unicorn Butt Cop steps over the rubble and
continues onward.
The room that we now find ourselves in is even bigger than the last one, with high ceilings
and an ornately tiled floor featuring various patterns of stone crisscrossing its length. Each wall is
covered floor to ceiling with what appears to be shelves of ancient butt plugs and mysterious idols.
Unlike the other chambers, however, this one appears to have seen some encroachment from
the volcano over time, pools of lava and hot black rock forming in the corner as it spills down from
cracks in the walls.
At the other side of the large room there is a doorway that immediately transforms into a
spiral staircase, spinning upward towards the peak of the mountain.
"There!" I shout pointing to the other side of the chamber and sprinting across the room
towards it.
"Wait!" shouts Clobe, watching as my footstep causes one of the tiles to sink down into the
floor below it. I stop abruptly, freezing in place out of fear and confusion as my brain struggles to
catch up with my body.
The Butt Cop is suddenly diving towards me, his body flying through the air in a flash as
something large and powerful swings down from the ceiling. I barely have time to understand what is
happening before the muscular unicorn barrels into my body and knocks me over, a massive pendulum
blade slicing by just inches away from me.
We land with a thud, the flashlight flying from Clobe's mouth and sliding across the floor as
it casts the room in an ominous, uplit glow. I feel wetness on my hands and hold them out in front of
me, screaming as I find them covered in rainbow colored blood that is certainly not mine.
"What happened?" Zakeff asks, dodging past the pendulum as it continues its ever softening
swings.
Clobe is sitting up now, looking down at his shoulder and chest, which are deeply wounded,
but not critically so.
"I'm fine, I'm fine." Clobe insists, unable to accept anyone's pity as he tries his best to
ignore the pain.
The unicorn had finally learned not to rush into things, but still ended up getting hurt
regardless.
"Can you fight?" asks Zakeff Ron.
Clobe nods.
"Good, let's go," replies the dinosaur wizard, taking note of tile pattern and continuing
onward as he avoids the kind that I stepped on.
"Wait!" I shout. "Are you kidding me?"
Zakeff stops and turns around. "He's fine."
"He's not fine," I yell, "and you know it."
The wizard sighs. "I already asked if you can fight," he complains. "That's what I need you
for; nothing more, nothing less."
I shake my head in disappointment, seriously wondering if this prehistoric jerk spends his
time simply dreaming up new ways to shock and appall me.
"Enough. We don't have time for this," I say, climbing to my feet and pointing a finger
squarely at Zakeff. "You healed your arm earlier like it was nothing. In fact, you told me yourself
about what an easy spell it is. We are a team here whether you like it or not, and your teammate needs
help, so you better help him or I will take that pretty little wand of yours and dip it into lava."
"We'll, my Friendship Stone is on it, so you'd drop dead first," Zakeff scoffs.
I throw my hands into the air and turn abruptly to Clobe. "And you," I snarl. "I know you
want to put on the heroic protector act like you never get tired, or get hurt, or feel depressed. I'll even
admit, I quite like it, but right now you're hurt very, very badly, and if you're going to defend my
honor then you're going to need to hold a sword without wincing."
Clobe nods with understanding, taking my words to heart.
"Both of you are going to need to pull it together," I yell. "Right now."
There is a moment of silence wherein the swinging pendulum finally creaks to a stop, a blade
on a rope that now hangs down at the dead center of the room. Without a word, Zakeff walks
over to Clobe and lays his claws on the unicorn's chest, murmuring a quick blessing.
Clobe doesn't protest.
Seconds later, Zakeff pulls his hands away and reveals a perfectly healed body. The only
indication that there was ever something wrong is the now drying rainbow blood that is smeared
haphazardly across Clobe's muscular abs.
"Play nice," I scold, "and watch out for the dark tiles."
We make our way across the remainder of the burial chamber, Clobe retrieving his torch
along the way as we arrive at the bottom of the spiral staircase.
"When we reach the top, Ted Cobbler will be waiting," the triceratops wizard reminds us.
"Be ready."
The climb that follows is absolutely brutal, a painfully hot trek up so many flights of stairs
that at one point I'm actually convinced we've stumbled across a magical loop, a never ending spiral
of volcanic heat that seems to permeate everything.
At least during the climb I have two beautifully handsome creatures to look at, but even that
thought is more than a little concerning.
At first, I find myself disturbed by my attraction to Zakeff who is, without a doubt, one of the
most arrogant, headache inducing dinosaurs I have ever known. But, the deeper I dig into my own
thoughts and feelings, the more I realize that something supernatural may be at work here.
Like the wizard said, eventually those who take the Friendship Stones begin to slowly imbue
the features of their magical school. While Zakeff's enhancement gem has given him seemingly
everlasting hot-to-trot swagger, has my stone started to turn me into The World's Most Charming
Man?
Thinking back to that encounter on the beach with Clobe, my behavior may have been raw
and exciting, but it was also quite reckless. It is definitely something that a very slick and charming
guy would do.
Was it out of my own character? I'm not exactly sure, thanks especially to the fact that I've
genuinely changed a lot in the last few days, regardless of any magical Friendship Stone.
Either that, or I should just stop over thinking things and enjoy the muscular physique of my
handsome, traveling companions.