I can tell that both Clobe and me are overflowing with questions, but for the first part of our
journey back home neither of us says a word.
It's as though the potential unknowns are just too much to answer, yet the very thought of
opening those floodgates of inquiry is simply too much to bear. Why was the demo serpent following
them? Who summoned it? What is the relationship between my newfound gem and the advanced
nature of the charming man hunk spell?
After a few hours of trotting on horseback, I finally begin to test my theory.
Making careful note of every ancient word that leaves my lips, I start my experiment by
reciting the verbal incantation for Darkness, the reverse effect of the Alight spell that I cast last night.
Suddenly, a large haze of black appears off to the side of the road, my magic performing
exactly as intended.
"Whoa there!" Clobe shouts, his horse rearing up as he places a hoof on his batton.
"Oh, no," I protest, waving my hands. "I'm sorry, that's nothing."
"It looks like a cloud of death!" Clobe shouts. "'Hardly nothing!"
"It's just a spell," I explain. "I was just trying something out."
Clobe stops and then turns his gaze to me, trying to get a better read on exactly what I am
trying to tell him. He looks back and forth between me and the cube of darkness, then finally relaxes.
"You office wizards are a strange bunch," the Butt Cop says.
"I just needed to know if it was going to be more powerful than before, like the hunk spell." I
explain.
Clobe nods. "Not just a parlor trick any longer, is it?"
I shake my head. "And I have no idea why."
I think for a moment about bringing forth the pink stone and showing it to the unicorn, of
explaining my suspicion that something strange and powerful within this gem could be affecting my
magic, but I stop myself. It's not that I don't trust the man, but at this moment there is no real reason to
show all of my cards.
Clobe eyes me with suspicion, clearly noting that I've decided to hold something back, but
he says nothing.
We continue down the path in silence, but it's not long before my companion speaks up again.
"There has been a rumbling about demons stalking across Montana," Clobe says, "stories
spoken in hushed tones of a great darkness from the East."
"How far East?" I counter.
"Chicago," Clobe explains.
"Well why not just call them?"
Clobe shakes his head. "Have you tried calling anyone outside of Montana latey? Nothing
goes through. It's like there's a curse on this entire state."
"Why hasn't Mayor Fancy done anything?" I question, suddenly struck with a blossoming
seed of worry.
The unicorn shrugs. "Because she's in on it?"
His words send a tidal wave of unease pulsing through my body.
"You know, I saw a devilman walking the roads late last night," I admit.
"A devilman?" Clobe asks, shocked. "And you did not report it to the police?"
"I ran home," I tell him, "It was late."
"And this morning?" the Butt Cop continues.
"I needed to follow you," I explain. "I didn't want you turning back around before harvesting
some Fishbasil of my own when we arrived."
The unicorn says nothing, silent and stoic.
"I'll just go back tomorrow," I tell him, "I think that I can manage the rest of the way."
"On your own?" asks Clobe. "The swamp is too dangerous, especially now with these things
in hanging around. It is no place for a young man who cannot fire a gun or swing a batton," Clobe
says, glancing over at me. "No disrespect intended."
I think back to the fight, suddenly realizing there was not a single moment that I thought to
grab the gun of a fallen companion and come to their aid.
"I know nothing about guns," I say, "only magic."
"Isn't there some kind of battle magic that you can practice?" offers Clobe. "The story books
are rife with tales of thunder and lighting, fireballs and freezing arrows."
I laugh, actually a little flattered that this man who, granted, knows nothing of spell craft and
sorcery, could even consider me capable of such powerful spells. For the first time in as long as I can
remember, I actually find myself blushing at the words of a handsome man.
"There are a few buckaroo spells that could do the trick, a few goof spells too… I'm just not
that good," I explain. "That takes years of practice."
"Seems like that's all that you ever do," counters Clobe. "You practice and you perform for
your coworkers and you work on the office farm. I have to say, and forgive me because I don't intend
to be rude, but I've never seen a guy as cute as you be so hard to find around Billings."
Again, I blush, wishing that I had some minor illusory spell that could disguise my
expression.
Clobe does have a point, I'm rarely out in the Billing's nightlife without a place to be or my
head buried deep within a tome of charming man or business magic, so I'm not at all accustomed to
much attention from men or unicorns unless I'm giving a performance, during which the tricks
themselves are usually the star of the show. Outside of that, I don't make a point to be noticed.
Still, I am fleetingly aware that I'm an attractive guy by any sense of the word. My body has
been kept fit and youthful from the long hours of hard office farm work, and my mother and father
were kind enough to bless me with my pleasant features.
"I should get out more," I finally admit. "You're right."
"Live how you're gonna live, it's only a thought," Clobe offers.
It's at that very moment that we cross over the final hill from which Billings can be viewed
from afar, at least the tower of the Billings Public Library.
The sight is a welcome one after the horrific deaths of our companions and a full day of
travel on horseback. By now the sun has just began to sit on the edge of the earth, the sky barely
blossoming with color as it makes its gradual decent. Our shadows are long, stretching like sugar
confectionery as it they grow outward across the rolling hills on either side of the interstate.
Our happiness only lasts a moment, however, as it slowly becomes apparent that something
is amiss in our own little corner of the world.
"Is it just me, or is there a strange lack of travels out here on the road?" asks Clobe.
I think back and try to remember if we'd passed anyone, even a single soul, during our
journey home. Granted, without cars you're not likely to see man folks out here on the interstate, but
horses have been increasingly popular, and the sight of absolutely no one is more than a little odd.
At first, I have to remind myself that it has grown late in the evening, and many of the office
farmers have already finished their tasks for the day; but the closer we get to the city, the stranger
things become until finally we reach my house and I hurry inside.
I burst through the door of my home with Clobe following closely behind, his batton already
drawn and ready should we encounter any more unsavory beasts.
What we find, however, is absolutely nothing, save for an overturned bowl that has shattered
on the ground and a dining room table, which appears to have been pushed across the floor a ways.
There has been a struggle here.
"Dad?" I call out, my voice cracking in desperation. "Deupork?"
No answer comes, and as I stand in the middle of my family's small farmhouse, heart
pounding and breathing heavy, I can't help but start to cry. My entire body is overwhelmed with guilt,
guilt that I wasn't here to help him and guilt that I had even considered sneaking off in the first place. I
knew that my father wouldn't have approved and I did it anyway, using his own words against him
and pretending that living well and being reckless were one in the same.
Should I have gone to the Butt Cops immediately when I saw the devilman on the road? Did
the deaths of these men and, potentially, my own father rest their blame upon my own head like a
crown of overbearing darkness?
I suddenly feel the warm presence of Clobe step up behind me, large and comforting as he
wraps his muscular, unicorn arms around my body and pulls me closer towards him.
My first instinct is to flinch and pull away, not used to any form of physical comfort, no
matter how well meaning, but the second that I allow myself to settle in I am completely at ease. I
close my eyes tight and let out a long sigh, lost in a moment of calm within this horrific storm of
uncertainty that rages around me.
Now that I am this close to him, I can finally get a sense of just how muscular and powerful
this unicorn truly is. I should have given him more credit before, because regardless of the size of our
fair city, Clobe could obviously compete in battle with any Butt Cop across the nation.
"Maybe he's just gone into town," Clobe whispers in my ear, trying his best to comfort me.
I shake my head, knowing that something is gravely wrong.
"Let's go find out," Clobe continues.
The unicorn releases me from his warm embrace and I find myself immediately craving a
return, but I force myself to continue onward in the search for more information.
We exit the cottage and quickly decide to leave the bodies, as well as the extra horses, here
at my stables for now. There's no use for them slowing us down while we gather information.
The next thing I know, we are galloping towards Billings as fast as we can on horseback,
tearing across the dusty dirt road without a soul in sight. We quickly arrive in downtown Billings,
normally a hustling and bustling collection of businesses and their patrons, but find the place entirely
empty.
"Hello?" I call out. "Is anyone there?"
Clobe jumps down off of his horse and inspects the ground beneath us.
"There's been a lot of movement," he says. "The pavement has been overturned and
trampled.
"How can you tell?" I ask. "It just looks like regular old cement to me."
"I was a US mummy tracker for years in Afghanistan and Egypt," explains the unicorn.
I hop off of my horse but, instead of joining Clobe, I head straight towards the my nearby
office building, hoping to find my old friend Burk somewhere inside.
I push open the door and step into the darkened building. "Burk? HR?" I call out. "You
here?"
There's no response. As my eyes scan the lobby I'm struck immediately with just how bare
the walls are. What was once a place absolutely overflowing with furniture and office equipment, is
utterly empty. Whoever was here left nothing behind, other than a large stain of blood that remains
dried in an auburn splatter across the ground. I pray that is it not Burk's.
After taking a moment to collect myself, I turn around and head back outside, alerting Clobe.
"There's blood in here," I tell him. "The whole place has been ransacked."
"Blood out here, too," Clobe tells me. "No bodies anywhere, though. That's a good sign."
"Why is that a good sign?" I ask, slightly upset but not exactly sure why.
"Because it means that everyone is probably still alive," the handsome Butt Cop informs me.
"If someone took the time to move the bodies, they need them for a reason, and the best way to move a
lot of bodies is to keep them alive, at least for now."
"How do you know they were moved?" I counter.
Clobe kneels down. "This."
I walk over to the unicorn and see that he has placed his hand atop the unmistakable track of
a semi truck as it peeled out, the initials ‘T' and ‘C' etched into the burned rubber marking. The
second that I see it, I immediately start to notice more and more of the tracks, revealing what looks to
be the presence of ten to twenty large trucks.
As my eyes scan the pavement, however, something else catches my attention, something that
causes my breath to halt in my throat and my heart to skip a beat within my chest. There before me is
the singular bloody print of a demon foot, clear as day and staring up at me in all of its tragic glory.
I'm instantly hit with another wave of guilt, an emotion so strong that it literally brings me
too my knees as I fall to the ground.
"Pupper!" Clobe shouts, running over to me and helping me back up to my feet.
Immediately, I dry my eyes, trying desperately to collect myself. I have always been a strong
man, but rarely has my fierce independence been put to the test like this.
The tracks are fresh, and there is no time for tears.
"We must follow them!" I announce.
"Agreed," says Clobe, immediately mounting his horse once again as I quickly follow suit.
We are just about ready to take off to the East, where the truck tracks appear to be headed, when
Clobe turns his steed towards my farmhouse.
"Wait!" I cry out. "Where are you going?"
Clobe looks at me in mild confusion, not exactly sure what the problem is. "I'm going to bury
the bodies of our fallen Butt Cops, so that we may continue on our way."
I'm utterly dumbfounded. "There's no time."
Clobe's expression slowly becomes very stern. "These men deserve to be buried with honor,
they are Unicorn Butt Cops."
The two of us are now at a stand still, neither willing to budge on the plan of action until
Clobe finally cracks a wry smile. "The guy who won't lift a weapon is going to head off on his own
and take on the devilman horde?"
I let out a long sigh.
"It won't take long," says Clobe, returning to his usual solemn demeanor, "but it's the least
we could do. Nothing comes before honor."
His dedication is somehow both frustrating and incredibly charming, and eventually I give
in. Seconds later we are riding as fast as we can back towards the farm.
Once there, Clobe begins the process of honoring his fallen companions while I take the
opportunity to head inside and gather a small bag of clothes and supplies. I have no idea how long I'll
be gone, and unlike Clobe I was not prepared for a trip into the wilds on outer Montana. As quickly
as I can, I prepare some clothes, as well as an assortment of rations.
The last thing that I do is find a Puka shell necklace which, long ago, once belonged to my
mother. When times at the farm grew dark, my father had the original central stone removed and sold
it to the Billings pawn shop in an effort to make ends meet. While the band of the necklace remains
good as new, there is still a gaping hole in the centerpiece just waiting to be filled.
Knowing that I'd like to keep the pink stone somewhere consistently within my thoughts, I
pull out the gem from my pocket and test it's size against the hole in the necklace, then gasp aloud
when it's a nearly perfect fit. I double check to make sure that everything is secure and then, once I am
finished, I immediately clasp the beautiful piece of jewelry around my neck.
When I finally exit the cottage, Clobe is waiting.
"It is done," the unicorn says.
I nod, climbing atop my steed. "Then what are we waiting for?"