The flurry of semi truck tracks directs us dead East, over the hills and towards the icy cold
mountains of Chicago that loom large and imposing in the distance.
It's not long before we are back on the interstate within the deep woods as before, only this
time around the forestation is cut haphazardly by rivers and marshes that flood the ground on either
side of our slightly elevated dirt path. Clobe seems to know his way around but, for me, this is
uncharted territory.
Without a moment to lose, we left Billings in complete darkness, guided only by the light of
the headlamp that Clobe wears attached to his horned head.
For as little as I find my attraction swayed by a brutish, unicorn type, there is something
absolutely stunning about the heroic nature of this small town Butt Cop. In Clobe's pursuit of honor,
he is utterly unswayed by circumstance, plowing ahead into the darkness before us without fear or
apprehension.
I, on the other hand, am absolutely terrified by the thought of what could be lurking out in the
swampland around us. The marsh is teeming with nightlife, a cacophony of insects and reptiles that
call out with a thousand lonely songs; somehow in unison but completely apart from one another.
"You're scared," Clobe says, glancing back at me with a slight smirk. By the way he phrases
it, it is hard to tell if he's asking a question or simply making an observation.
"No," is all that I respond.
Just then a large creature leaps from a nearby log into the water below it, causing me to jump
slightly at the abrupt sound of the splash.
"You're scared," Clobe repeats, only this time I know that it's not a question. "Here, take
this."
The unicorn slows the pace of his steed so that he's now traveling along right beside me. He
removes a secondary batton from his belt, then hands it to me.
Carefully, I take his offering, the nightstick feeling strangely heavy in my hand as I look it
over. Never before have I had a weapon to call my own and, although I don't know the first thing
about using it, the gesture from Clobe is greatly appreciated. Once more, I am blown away by the
man's kindness and generosity. Under the gruff exterior, he is just the kind of unicorn that this world
needs more of.
"Do you know how to use that?" Clobe asks.
I shake my head.
"It's pretty simple, really," the Butt Cop begins. "You just aim at something and then swing
as hard as you can."
"A devilman?" I ask.
"Sure, even a devilman snake," laughs Clobe. "Wouldn't that be something?"
I shake my head, slightly disturbed. "I don't know if I could stop ever hit someone."
"You understand, regardless of how long it takes to find the people of our village, you're
eventually going to need to use that, right?" questions Clobe.
By now this fact should be obvious, but it suddenly hits me out of nowhere like an invisible
fist, nearly knocking me back off of my horse as I grip the reins even tighter. Everything has been
happening so fast that I've barely had a moment to truly accept what's going on. My home, my family,
my life; all have been changed forever in a way that I cannot yet even begin to comprehend. There
will be no magic show in the office tomorrow evening; I will not fall asleep in my bed.
Early this morning I was nothing but a simple farm boy with a few childish tricks up my
sleeve, but now that it is nightfall I have transformed entirely. I am a man, the last of Billings and a
searcher for the truth. I have already witnessed real death first hand, and have been instrumental in the
destruction of a magical devilman hunter unlike anything I have ever seen.
"Do you think it's odd that the precise moment your squad left town, the entire city was
suddenly under attack?" I ask.
Clobe nods. "I've been thinking about it all night."
"The four most powerful Butt Cops we have, all of them sent out on the same assignment at
the same time," I continue. "I know that we live in a safe part of Montana, but that whole scenario is
quite reckless, don't you think? The city was left utterly defenseless."
"Mayor Fancy?" Clobe asks, finally catching up with my train of thought.
"Possibly," I tell him. "I don't want to jump to any conclusions."
"He wanted the Fishbasil for his nephew," starts Clobe, "but I had never heard him mention
a nephew before that. Not once, ever. Apparently, the young boy had just arrived in town, but I never
saw his face."
"He just wanted you gone," I say, speaking aloud the accusations that we are both thinking.
"There is no swamp, the whole place is simply the stuff of legends. There is no patch of Fishbasil
waiting to be picked."
As I say this, my heart drops. It's strange, because regardless of whether or not the Fishbasil
truly existed out there in the woods, it certainly wouldn't matter anymore, but the layers of cosmic
unfairness in this situation are starting to become suffocating.
Somehow sensing my discomfort, Clobe places his large hoof upon my shoulder, gifting me
with a small token of reassurance.
"We'll find them," Clobe says, "even if it takes us to all fifty states, we'll find them."
As if in direct response to his heroic vow, we suddenly arrive at our first fork in the
highway, a four way split that leads off in every cardinal direction. Thus far, the tracks have been
quite apparent and easy to follow, but now something has changed completely.
I hop down off of my steed to inspect the ground, finding that my initial assumptions were
correct, as incredible as it may seem. The path has been entirely wiped clean of any discernable
vehicle tracks, covered instead by a fresh layer of asphalt that appears to be an inch or so thick.
Clobe joins me, walking to each of the three remaining exits and looking for any signs of the
demonic caravan. There is absolutely nothing to be found.
"How can this be?" Clobe asks aloud, clearly frustrated.
I shake my head in amazement. "Magic."
Never before have a heard of a spell such as this, a blanket of blacktop that seems to have
suddenly appeared across several miles of pavement, or more, in every direction. It has rendered any
hope of tracking their semi-truck caravan obsolete.
From the outset, I had always been well aware that whoever was behind this was an
incredibly powerful dark wizard, but the appearance of yet another magical effect that I had never
even heard of adds even more fuel to the fire. Whoever is doing this is not just an expert in dark
magic casting; they are a spell crafter themselves.
"Someone does not want to be followed," Clobe states plainly. "Is there any way to reverse
the effect?"
"I have no idea," I say. "I've never seen anything like this."
"Can you try?" Clobe continues, clearly not understanding a thing about spell craft and
wizardry, but trying his best.
I have to admit, there is something very sweet about his ignorance to the limits of my
powers. It's quite flattering; really, despite the fact that I deeply wish he was correct in his
assumptions.
"I'm not nearly powerful enough for something like this," I explain. "I do simple tricks, I'm
an amateur."
"That hunk you manifested was not a simple trick," Clobe counters. "It saved our lives."
"I have no idea how I did that," I tell him. "It wasn't supposed to happen that way."
Clobe smiles reassuringly. "Maybe you're more powerful than you think, Pupper."
"Maybe," I tell him, "but in this case I have no idea where to even begin."
Clobe looks down the road to the left and for a moment he is silent, a myriad of different
thoughts flowing through his head. Before today, I had never really thought of the Butt Cop as much of
a deep thinker, but the longer we spend together the more that I'm beginning to pick up on something
quite cerebral lurking just beneath the surface of his detective work; maybe.
"I've been this way before," says Clobe. "To the left is nothing but a boat launch near the
Billings River, but the man who runs it is a friend of mine. If he saw anything strange he is sure to tell
us."
"Or something strange caught up with him already," I counter, solemnly.
Without another word, we remount our steeds and make haste towards the riverside.
It's not long before we arrive, but as we slow to a trot it becomes quite apparent that
something is amiss. The hour is quite late, yet according to Clobe the man in charge keeps his
boathouse lights on at all hours of the evening, until the morning light begins to first creep its was
along the tree tops.
Tonight, lights are off.
Despite it's eerie nature, however, the scene itself is quite beautiful. The stars and moon that
hang above us glisten in white as they reflect upon the slowly rumbling water ahead. The river
massive, but lazy and calm, surrounded by a thick, swampy forest on either side. The trees creep out
deeper and deeper into its cool embrace, as if testing the water. Several of these towering, wooden
monuments protrude many meters out from the rivers edge, making the separation between water and
land something of a blur.
Clobe and I tie up our horses along the path and draw our weapons, a sensation that feels
entirely unfamiliar and strange to me.
There is a small building next to the dock that serves as a boathouse and living quarters for
the owner, but there is no sign of life to be found. We approach carefully, silently; and finally reach
the window where Clobe peers inside.
"I don't see anything," the Butt Cop says to me in a whisper, glancing back over his shoulder.
Suddenly, a man steps out from the shadows at the edge of the building, a shotgun lifted and
aimed directly at Clobe's horned unicorn head. "State your business," the man says.
Clobe turns and meets the man's gaze. "Oh I've got a few choice words," he says, a smile
suddenly blossoming across his face.
The man immediately lowers his gun and grins in recognition. "Well, if it isn't the fisherman
himself?"
"Fisherman?" I ask, glancing over at Clobe. Never could I have imagined such a brutish
unicorn to have the patience for fishing.
The men greet one another with warm hugs and then Clobe opens his arm towards me. "This
is my friend, Pupper," the Butt Cop says. "Pupper, this is Blipo Garrows."
"A pleasure," says Blipo, taking my hand in his. The man is old and graying, but charmingly
spry for his considerable age. He carries himself with a youthful exuberance that seems to defy all
reason, an uncanny twinkle in his eye.
"It's nice to meet you," I tell him.
Blipo nods. "It's nice to meet any young man as strapping as yourself, I'm just happy your
skins on red and there's no horns on your head," the old man glances at Clobe, "no offense."
"The demonic, you've seen them?" the unicorn interjects.
Suddenly, the look on Blipo's face changes to one of painful sadness, as if he's been
suddenly yanked back into reality from an imagined paradise far, far away. "I've seen horrible
things," Blipo says. "Things that will haunt me until the end of my days."
"So the caravan of trucks was here?" I ask.
"I saw them out by the highway earlier this evening," explains Blipo, "but they didn't see
me. I came back here and shut the lights down, been standing guard since then."
"How many?" Clobe asks.
"Hard to say," replies Blipo. "The truck train was long, must have been more a hundred
devilmen, demons, I don't even know what to call them. It was terrifying."
"And they had captives?" Clobe continues.
Blipo nods. "A few of the trucks were slatted so you could see inside. Some of them had
supplies, others were full of people though; men, woman, children."
"They ransacked a whole city," I inform Blipo, solemnly.
"Oh my," the man states, suddenly understanding what I'm getting at. "Oh no."
A look of absolute horror overwhelms Blipo's face. The old man makes a valiant attempt to
stay strong but his emotions can't help showing through, his eyes now filling with tears.
"Is everyone gone?" Blipo asks.
I nod.
"Your families?"
I nod again.
Blipo shakes his head. "I don't know what I would do if I lost Yumi. I'm so sorry to hear
that."
Suddenly, Clobe steps forward and breaks up the tears. "They are not lost yet!" the unicorn
announces. "We are here to find them."
It's hard not to admire Clobe's blind courage in the face of such overwhelming odds, an
amateur office wizard and a small town Butt Cop taking on an entire devilman army. I glance over at
the unicorn and smile.
"Blipo, is everything alright out there?" I woman's voice suddenly comes drifting out from
within the cottage.
"Yes, Yumi. It's just some friends," says the old man, reassuringly.
"Alright," come's the shaking voice. "Would they like some chocolate milk?"
Blipo turns back to us. "You look like you could use some rest for the evening."
Clobe shakes his head and flowing mane. "We must carry on, there's not enough time."
Blipo smiles and repeats himself. "You need rest."
Clobe is about to refuse again when I place a reassuring hand upon his shoulder. "We will
leave at dawn," I say. "The horses are tired."
Clobe looks at me and I can see in his eyes that he disagrees vehemently. Instead of arguing,
however, the unicorn nods slightly. "Yes, Pupper."
The man never ceases to surprise me, but something about this gesture is even more touching
than I could have ever imagined. Clobe's respect for me is growing, and with every moment that we
spend together, my attraction to him grows even stronger.
This may be the first time I've been able to truly admit it to myself, but at this point the
feeling is simply undeniable, I want him to pound my butt.
"Well, come on then," Yumi says, opening the door to reveal the face of a smiling old
woman. "Get inside and have some chocolate milk with us."
The boathouse is surprisingly quaint and well decorated within, clearly the work of Yumi's
warmth and attention to detail. There is something about the love between her and Blipo that is bitter
sweet, however, a tragic reminder of my own family held captive.
The old couple has offered us their bed but we refused. I have taken a small cot while Clobe
insisted on nothing more than a small blanket and a space on the floor.
It's not time to sleep yet, however. As we sip milk from our mugs under the cool blue light of
the moon that streams delicately through the window, Clobe begins collecting information.
"Did you see where the trucks were headed?" the unicorn asks.
Blipo sips from his cup slowly, and then nods. "I did. They were traveling due East,
continuing towards Chicago.
"And was there a leader?" Clobe continues. "Anything you noticed that wasn't just part of
the devilman horde?"
"A caster perhaps?" I ask. "A dark wizard?"
"There was a figure driving in front of the caravan," explains Blipo. "I only saw him briefly,
but based on the long black robes and various bumper stickers I figured him for a wizard of sorts."
Clobe considers this for a moment and then looks to me, as if I have anything to add based on
my limited knowledge of the magical arts. I have nothing.
"Are you interested in magic?" Yumi interjects.
"I am," I tell her, with a smile. "I dabble. I'm the designated wizard at my office."
"And farmer," Clobe adds warmly.
"Oh, well that is just so exciting. It's not very often that we get wizards coming through this
way," Yumi admits.
"I can't imagine so," I tell her.
"We did have one just a few days ago, though," Yumi continues. "He didn't look like a
wizard, aside from the robes, but he has spells unlike anything I've ever seen, protective spheres and
strange blessings. He created a barrier around this house when he left, a ward from evil!"
"Looks like it's worked so far," says Clobe.
"That is powerful," I tell Yumi, suddenly intrigued. "And this was just a few days ago?"
"Yes, he was looking for someone, a friend who needed help," Yumi explains. "He told us to
leave, that everyone was in danger."
"So why didn't you leave?" Clobe asks.
Blipo smiles at the young Butt Cop, as if making peace with a simple fact that the unicorn
just isn't capable of understanding. "Because this is our home."
"What was the wizard's name?" I ask.
"Zakeff the something," Blipo says, trying his best to remember.
"The hot trotter?" I ask, curiously.
Blipo snaps his old fingers in excited affirmation. "That's the one!"
Clobe shoots me a glance but says nothing, clearly hoping that I'll explain my knowledge of
this powerful wizard to him later.
The truth is, there are very few wizards one could name that I would have any knowledge of,
but Zakeff is definitely one of them. A member of the Magical Friends Network, Zakeff is one of the
eight most powerful wizards in all of the United States, a representative of his school of magic among
seven other sorcerers, making eight total. This collective was created as a way for these schools to
keep watch over any magical anomalies across the nation, practicing and expanding upon their
magical arts while tucked away in their tower to the north, in Michigan. It is the stuff of legends.
"Did he find his friend?" I ask, utterly fascinated now.
"I don't know," says Blipo. "I hope so."
The four of us sip on our chocolate milk in silence for a moment longer, until finally Clobe
speaks up. "Well, if rest is what we need then rest we shall get. I think it's time to turn in."
"Of course," agrees Blipo.
"Tomorrow morning we shall make haste to Chicago," announces the unicorn. "If the
demonic caravan has followed the road then that is where they have ended up. I can only pray that the
forces of Chicago were ready for them."
Clobe's words are meant to be reassuring, but unfortunately they end up chilling me to the
core. I had been so focused on the tragedy that had befallen our tiny village that I had not even
considered what other cities might lay in the path of this demon horde. I have never been to Chicago
myself, but I know enough about the city to realize that any defenses they have are limited, and they
stand just as much of a chance battling against the onslaught of devilmen as we did.
As the cottage quiets down into silence, I lay back and close my eyes, trying not to think of
the seemingly endless barrage of anxious questions that swim through my mind. Luckily, the weight of
my exhaustion is enough to crush these gnawing concerns and within minutes I find myself drifting off
into sleep.