When I awaken an ever-growing shaft of light illuminates the room, long and golden and
shining directly into my eyes through the boathouse window. The sliver has only just touched me
thanks to the position of my cot, while everyone else, even the ever-watchful Clobe, lies in peaceful
slumber.
I lay her in silence for a moment, staring lazily at the ceiling as I wait for the rest of the
world to catch up with me. As we were leaving Billings yesterday, I found myself convinced that I
may never experience another moment like this, another brief passage of time in which I was
completely at peace, comfortable and protected.
I glance over at Clobe, his unicorn eyes closed tight as he rests on his back with his
nightstick at the ready. The baton remains on his belt, but Clobe clutches it tightly, ready to spring into
action should his service be needed.
I can't help but smile. This unicorn is absolutely nothing like me, but I crave so badly be
close to him, to feel protected by him. I'm smart enough to know that much of this attraction could be
the product of our dire circumstance, but that doesn't make the feelings that I have for him go away.
My brain is fighting against my heart as hard as it can, but it is clearly losing the battle.
As quietly as I can, I reach into my bag and remove my small, tattered notebook of spells,
sinking back into the cot and going over the pages for the thousandth time. This is my daily routine,
refreshing my memory every morning with the enchantments that I so vividly know by heart. As a
lover of magic, I will continue to do this until the day I die.
This is the way of the wizard, a life of study and patience and artistry. Every spell has
instructions so specific that even the slightest error could cause an absolutely epic misfire. In most
cases the spell simply fizzles and dies, coming out like a puff of smoke from a dying ember, but
sometimes a mistake in the wording can have shockingly harsh results, inflicting pain or even death
upon the caster or those around them. The magical arts are nothing to casually play around with.
As I read, I instinctively reach up and grab ahold of the pink stone around my neck, letting
my fingers run back and forth across its smooth surface. The movement is instinctual, thoughtless,
until suddenly I come across my instructions for a simple Turkey Talk spell that I have been working
on and the rock begins to heat up once again.
I stop reading, glancing down at the little rock around my neck.
Carefully, I remove the necklace and hold it out before me, my eyes entranced by it's
glittering surface that seems to swirl and move before my very eyes.
I start reading the Turkey Talk spell again, noticing that the gem almost immediately starts to
glow. How strange.
The jewel remains cool to the touch when I read any other spells, yet this particular one
seems to have a truly peculiar effect. I think back to the first time that I noticed a change in the stone;
to the massively improved hunk spell I had cast yesterday in the heat of battle. Like Turkey Talk, my
hunk spell was from the school of charming man magic.
I quickly flip through my messy pages of magical script and find the hunk spell, then read,
watching as the stone begins to glow as expected, a strange gayness pulsing through it.
Suddenly, it strikes me, an answer to all of this.
On the final page of my notebook I have the instructions for the Take A Peek spell, an
incantation that allows me not only to sense any magical essence within the area, but to gain
knowledge of the particular school from which it is derived.
Take A Peek is a spell that is difficult for most beginners, but I have had moderate success
the few times I have tired. Besides, I rarely feel this well rested these days, if there's a time to try it
out, that time is now.
Holding the stone out directly in front of me, I carefully begin to read the Take A Peek
incantation, letting the words escape my lips in a soft, rhythmic fashion. Moments later, a wave of
sensation washes over me, a strange and specific knowledge that fills my brain with a cocktail of
information. In my mind's eye, I see the stone before me glowing bright pink with radiant charming
man magic, just as I thought.
The amount of magical essence, however, is quite shocking, much more than I could have
ever expected or even thought possible. The illumination is so powerful that it's actually quite
difficult to sense anything beyond it, but when I do my breath catches in my throat. Twenty or more
sources of potent dark magic have gathered several meters out from where I lay, creating a strangely
organized ring around the perimeter of the boathouse.
I sit up abruptly. "Oh my god, they're here!" I shout.
Before I am even finished with the sentence Clobe has grabbed his baton and rushed to the
cottage window, looking out into the swampland that surrounds us. I quickly join him, gazing out
across the morning fog.
Never before have I been so thankful for a spell. While we were sleeping, a gang of
devilmen has been hacking away at a strange, ethereal barrier that surrounds the boathouse in a
massive sphere. The demonic minions appear to be unable to cross beyond it, but their very presence
seems to have made it visible to the naked eye. With every slash of their demon claws against the
magical blue barrier, the devilmen appear to be weakening the sphere of protection.
"What is it?" asks Blipo.
Clobe immediately heads for the door of the boathouse heroically, his nightstick at the ready.
"Get your shotgun," the unicorn says.
Seconds later, Blipo, Clobe and I burst from the boathouse. The old man immediately begins
to fire shells at the demon creatures, blowing away several of the beastly targets. When he runs out of
ammo, the man drops his shotgun and pulls out a hammer, joining him on the edge of the protective
sphere and wacking away at the monsters.
Try as they might, the devilmen simply cannot pass through the protective barrier around the
cottage, but the weaker it gets, the more frantically Clobe and Blipo attempt to hack them apart.
Meanwhile, I try my best to take a few swipes at the demonic creatures with my nightstick,
but the weapon is too short to allow me access without breaking through the sphere. After a few
failed attempts, Clobe takes notice.
"Head down to the dock!" the unicorn shouts. "Get the boat ready!"
"I can fight!" I tell him.
"Fighting's not going to do us any good when this barrier gives way," Clobe retorts. "There's
just too many of them."
"What about the horses?" I ask, then realize that they were tied up just outside the protection
of the sphere.
"There's nothing left of them," Clobe tells me.
Suddenly, there is a sharp crackle that hisses through the air as the sphere gives way,
dissipating almost instantly and allowing the horde of demons to stumble through. Two of them are
upon me almost instantly, raising their clawed hands high then swiping them down with a terrifying,
supernatural strength.
I let out a shout and fall backwards, throwing my hands up to protect myself in vain when
suddenly Clobe comes out of nowhere and parry's their swings with a swipe of his heavy nightstick.
Before the devilmen have a chance to collect themselves, Clobe has kicked one of them in the spine,
cracking it down the middle with a sickening snap as he smashes the other in the face.
"Run!" Clobe commands, reaching down and grabbing me by the hand as we sprint towards
the dock. Blipo and Yumi are right behind us, fighting off the demonic horde as they continue to close
in. More and more devilmen begin to emerge from the woods in wave after wave.
We reach the dock and continue down it, but the devilmen follow close behind.
I take the lead, running ahead and frantically beginning to untie the largest rowboat of the
bunch, while Yumi helps me and the men try their best to keep the devilmen at bay. One or two of the
demonic monsters get hit hard and topple over into the water, but no amount of Butt Cop brawling can
hold back the swarm indefinitely.
By the time that I've finally finished untying the boat, we've been pushed all the way back to
the very end of the wooden dock.
"Get in!" I scream, grabbing the oars and preparing myself to get as far away from the shore
as possible.
As devilman fire spitters begin to dot the shore, flaming spikes begin splashing into the
water all around us.
The whole group is in the boat now, and we push away from the dock as I row as hard and
fast as I possibly can.
Suddenly, there is a scream of absolute horror that erupts from the old man sitting right next
to us. I look over to see Blipo clutching Yumi tightly against him, a demon spike stuck directly into the
woman's stomach.
"Oh my god," is all that I can say.
"Do you know any healing spells?" Blipo cries out to me, his words frantic and rushed as a
spot of blood begins to seep out across Yumi's clothes.
I shake my head, still rowing hard and putting as much distance between us and the devilmen
as I possibly can.
"I don't know much hot-to-trot magic!" I tell the frantic man.
"Well, what kind of spells do you know?" Blipo cries out, his eyes spilling over with tears.
"I'm sorry," I tell him.
Blipo pulls his wife tightly against him and holds her there, whispering something into her
ear with a commitment and intent unlike anything I have ever seen.
Thankfully, it's not long until we find ourselves out in the middle of the wide-open river and
a bit downstream. We are far from the range of the devilmen spitter's deadly spikes.
Yumi is still hanging in there, but she in badly wounded, and Blipo is absolutely petrified at
the thought of losing the love of his life.
"May I take a look?" Clobe asks.
Blipo nods affirmative.
I watch as the Butt Cop carefully inspects the spike wound, making sure to move with a
mechanical stillness as Yumi does her best not to cry out in pain. The old woman winces at every
turn, but manages to keep it together.
I'm shocked by the skilled confidence that Clobe appears to be displaying, wondering at
which point during his training as a Unicorn Butt Cop he began to dabble in medicine, until it
suddenly dawns on me that his deliberate nature is nothing more than an act. Clobe does not have the
skills of a healer, but he does know the importance of reassurance and a good bedside manner.
"It's going to be just fine," Clobe says. "You're going to be okay."
"Really?" I ask, wondering if the unicorn is taking his good doctor act a little too far.
"Look for yourself," Clobe says.
I look over his shoulder and see now that the spike has penetrated deep, but the wound is far,
far from centered on Yumi's body. In fact, it appears that the long hellish shaft has gone clean through
her, missing any of the vital organs as it pierced the old woman's side.
"This will need to be removed," Clobe says. "There will be blood. I would suggest leaving
it in until we reach Chicago, where someone can help you."
"We have bandages back at the house." Yumi says.
Clobe shakes his head. "I'm sorry, but you can't go back there."
"They've overtaken us," explains Blipo. "We can't go back."
Yumi smiles. "I'm hurting. I'm in pain. All that I want right now is to be back in my home."
"It's too dangerous," insists Blipo.
"It's our home," Yumi counters with a strange, insistent warmth.
Blipo hesitates for a moment, and then seems to relax. "The devilmen will leave the shore
soon and then we'll return home." The old man looks to Clobe and I. "You may keep the boat and use
it to travel down river to Chicago."
"If you return to your home, the horde may eventually return," protests Clobe. "Chicago will
be much safer."
Blipo smiles a solemn smile, several layers of tragic acceptance resting behind his eyes. "If
Chicago is even still there."
Neither Clobe, nor I, have any response for this. As dangerous as it is for the couple to return
to their cottage, it is ultimately there choice, and in the name of romance I can see their point. There is
something incredibly sweet about their wishes, even honorable in a way that I'm certain Clobe has
already picked up on.
"Thank you for the vessel," the unicorn finally says. "We shall wait out here on the water and
then return when possible."
"Not too long," says Blipo, glancing down at his wife.
We drift for a while out here on the river, finding a pool on the outer bank where the flow is
barely noticeable. Yumi seems to have stabilized and is breathing normally, calm and collected as she
leans back against Blipo and stares up unto the clear blue sky of the afternoon above.
Eventually, Yumi reaches out and takes my hand. "You don't have any spells to defend
yourself," she observers.
I shake my head. "No, not really."
"I once dabbled in buckaroo magic," the old woman continues. "I dabbled in a lot of things,
traveling the wild west with stories and songs. That's how I met Blipo."
"She was a cowgirl," Blipo adds. "With an absolutely beautiful voice, like a song bird."
Yumi smiles. "I've seen much of this great nation, had many adventures. I always loved
magic but I could never quite get the hang of it, don't quite have the memorization down."
"It's a lot to keep track of," I tell her.
"Remind me to fetch you something from the boat house," Yumi tells me, closing her eyes
peacefully. "I have a gift that could keep you safe while you watch out for that brutish gay lover of
yours."
My face flushes red with embarrassment. "Clobe? No, we are far from lovers."
"Alright," Yumi says with a slight smirk. "If you say so."
After waiting it out a while longer, we eventually row back to the dock where there is no
longer any sign of danger. The men help Yumi out of the boat and then guide her up to the cabin while
I keep watch. As far as I can tell, the coast is clear.
Moment's later, Clobe returns carrying a small, tightly wrapped parchment. "We
removed the arrow," he states matter-of-factly. "She's doing fine. She wanted you to have this."
Clobe hands me the bound scroll.
"What is it?" I ask, curiously.
Clobe shrugs and begins to untie the boat. "I don't know, but let's find out on the way. We've
lost our horses and wasted several hours, we must make haste to Chicago."
Back in the boat, Clobe takes the position of rower while I lean back and relax for a moment.
The rugged, muscular fighter seems somehow pleased about this, as if the opportunity to put his
physical strength to the test is a true blessing. The unicorn removes his police uniform to
allow better movement, and in this moment I find my breath catching in my throat. His physique is
absolutely impeccable, a perfect specimen of masculine fitness that I scold myself for ogling, but
absolutely cannot help sneaking glances at.
Forcefully willing myself to look away from Clobe's massive unicorn arms, I unfurl the
scroll and begin to look over its contents. I immediately recognize the scribblings as spell
instructions, and suddenly gasp aloud when I realize what they are for.
"What is it?" Clobe asks.
I hear his words but I am too distracted to answer, pulling out the raggedy collection of notes
that I call my spell book and getting to work at copying the scroll's instructions over.
"This is fantastic," I say to myself, my eyes darting back and forth across the pages in
excitement.
"What is?" Clobe continues his line of questioning.
I study for just a moment longer until, suddenly, the fact that the unicorn is talking to me
registers and I glance up at him. "Oh," I say, trying to shift focus momentarily. "A spell. A very
common spell, actually, but a useful one; Buckaroo Tumbleweed."
"What does it do?" the unicorn questions.
I smile. "You'll like this; it creates a magical tumbleweed of energy that is quite destructive
on impact."
Clobe laughs. "A fighting spell!"
"Exactly," I say, and then turn my attention back to copying the instructions from one
manuscript to the other.
"What are you doing that for?" Clobe asks, interrupting me again.
"Magical incantations are very complex, very difficult to learn," I explain. "The best way to
understand what is says is the copy it over into your own spell book; like this," I show Clobe the two
pages. "Once I learn this spell completely I will disappear from the scroll."
"Really?" Clobe asks, genuinely fascinated.
"Yes," I tell him, nodding. "You can see that the edge of this scroll is slightly faded over
here. Yumi tried learning this but she couldn't figure it out."
"Fascinating," replies the Unicorn Butt Cop.
I almost start copying yet again but stop myself, glancing back up at the handsome and rugged
beast before me. "Why are you so curious all of a sudden?"
"I'm curious about you," Clobe says with a slight smirk.
"There's not much to be curious about," I tell him. "I'm a simple farm boy from Billings."
"Could a simple farm boy make a life size hunk appear out of thin air?" asks Clobe.
"I heard you guys talking about my spells," I inform him with a laugh. "I know what you
really think."
"When did you hear that?" he asks.
"When I was following you," I explain, "just before you were attacked by the devilsnake."
The unicorn lets this information settle for a moment and then begins rowing again, looking
out across the water in a state of regret and embarrassment. "I'm very sorry if I said anything
dishonorable," Clobe says, "As a Unicorn Butt Cop it is my duty to protect and pound butts, not
harass citizens. I was wrong."
"Yes you were," I confirm with a nod, a reaction that seems to both surprise and amuse
Clobe, "but it was mostly your friends."
We sit in silence, enjoying a rare moment of peace as we continue down the river towards
Chicago. The massive trees cruise past us on either side, twisted and knobby as they reach out from
the water to the sky like desperate hands. The wilderness can be dangerous, but it can also be
refreshing.
"Do the hunk spell," Clobe says.
I laugh. "Really?"
"I'd like to see it," the unicorn tells me, "if its not too much trouble."
I shake my head, then put down my studies for a moment and sit up straight in the boat.
Immediately, I begin to focus all of the energy that I can towards centering myself, slowly repeating
the rhythmic words of this familiar incantation. As I speak, the gem around my neck sizzles to life
once more, glowing warm and rosy as a myriad of swirling homosexual currents seem to pass through
me.
I hold out my hands over the water and suddenly the massive, orange hunk bursts forth,
strutting with manly confidence across the cool surface of the river. The manifestation follows along
next to our boat, its fiery body just barely touching the water is it drips with strange magical sparks
that sizzle and disintegrate within the coolness below.
It's quite beautiful to watch and, now that we are no longer in the heat of battle, I finally get a
chance to take in the brilliance of this mysteriously enhanced spell. I reach up and hold my necklace
with one hand, rubbing my fingers along its warm surface as my eyes follow the handiwork that teases
us elegantly. I can't help but pop a slight chub.
Eventually, the hunk dissipates completely, collapsing into itself and drifting into the ether.
"That was beautiful," Clobe says. "You are very talented."
I can tell by his eyes that the unicorn want's to say even more, but he has caught himself,
refusing to reveal the entirety of these covert gay feelings lurking within him.
I accept this, and then settle back into my resting position, returning to my studies.