Chicago is at least another full day's travel away by the time we stop to rest, but Clobe
seems happy with the progress that we've made. I'm worried about the state of his arms after all of
that rowing, although there were several parts of the river where the current was strong enough to
carry us on it's own. We made up extra time by skipping dinner with the use of my Suppress Hunger
spell, but now that the effects have worn off, Clobe and I find ourselves absolutely starving for
something to eat.
As the unicorn sets up two canvas tents some ten meters up from the river bank, I make my
way back into the forest and forage for berries which, thanks to the relatively untamed wilds of this
area, are easy to come by even though we are trapped within three walls at the bottom of a sheer cliff
side. Along with my cured meats, this will make a wonderful meal, but when I return I find that Clobe
has something else in mind.
Upon arriving back at the campsite, I notice that the tents have been pitched and a fire pit has
been dug. Meanwhile, Clobe stands atop a large boulder with a stick and some twine extending out
into the water; a fisherman's kit.
"Where did you find that?" I ask.
"I brought it," Clobe informs me. "I always bring some hooks and twine with me, bait is
pretty easy to come by. You never know when you're going to get a chance to fish."
I smile, continually impressed with the unexpected hobbies of this Butt Cop who had once
seemed so bland to me. I climb up onto the large boulder next to him, looking out across the
incredible rocky canyon in which we've decided to stop for the evening.
Gone are the acres of boggy marsh extending in every direction. Instead, the landscape has
slowly given way to a beautiful flowing river that winds its way through heaps of massive boulders,
hulking stone formations that protrude from the water, as well as tower high on either side of the
river.
The spot that we've found to camp in is actually one of the few wide-open banks that I've
seen for miles, and we are lucky to have noticed it because it's secluded enough to enjoy a cooking
fire without catching attention from demon minions.
Of course, there's always wildlife to worry about, but that's a problem with no real solution
when traveling this far out into the wilderness.
I can tell that the sun has just begun to set, but from where we are it cannot be seen. Instead,
the drawing of dusk is apparent in the purple hue from the long crack of sky that exists between the
rocky cliffs above us, and in the swarms of insects that begin their exotic mating dance across the
surface of the water.
"Are you catching our dinner?" I ask, playfully.
Clobe nods.
I take a deep breath, one part of me enjoying the peaceful nature of this moment while the
other becomes increasingly more frustrated. I am so achingly attracted to Clobe at this point that I
don't know what to do with myself, but making the first move is out of the question.
I can tell you the most intimate details of many spells, but I don't know the first thing about
deep social interaction with attractive unicorns.
Of course, in most situations the confident Butt Cop would make the first move, especially
when the tension in the air is running this thick, but despite my preconceived notions about him, Clobe
is just not that kind of guy. Somewhere along the way he appears to have become my sworn protector,
and as thankful as I am for that, it also precludes him being my lover, apparently. For Clobe, it's all
about honor, and there is no honor in taking advantage of the citizen you have pledged to serve.
If you ask me, that's all nonsense; but I'm also beginning to understand the way the Clobe
thinks. Honor is paramount. I have not committed a crime, and therefore my butt cannot be pounded.
This is the Unicorn Butt Cop way.
Testing the waters, I reach out and place my hand on the unicorn's large, muscular forearm
while he holds the fishing staff straight out over the water. The unicorn makes note of me entering his
personal space, but does not push me away. It feels nice.
Suddenly, there is a sharp tug on the pole, the line drawing taut as it enters the water. I jump
with excitement and the next thing I know, Clobe is spinning his stick in the air before him, wrapping
the twine tighter and tighter around the shaft as he retracts the line from the river.
Moments later, a rather large trout emerges from the water, more than enough to feed the two
of us along with the berries and cured meat.
"Dinner is served," Clobe says with a smile.
Sitting around the fire with Clobe feels like home, and not in any kind of sad, fleeting way.
Being with him feels like the kind of home that will always be there. Of course, the more I think about
this, the more I realize that our journey is proof that this kind of comfort never truly exists. Never in
my wildest dreams could I have imagined that the farm would be torn away from me, that my father
would be locked away somewhere by devilmen or, worse, dead.
But while we happily devour our trout and berries, I find myself in a moment that goes
beyond any of that. Sure, time passes all around us, but every once in a while you find yourself in a
place where you realize, even while it's happening, that the memory is sure to stick with you. It's
timeless.
"Why did you become a Butt Cop?" I ask Clobe.
The unicorn flat out ignores my question at first and then, when he realizes that my curiosity
is not just going to drift away he finally answers with, "I don't know."
"Just the money?" I continue. "Just another job?"
Clobe shakes his head. "No, I've always just loved to pound ass."
His statement is viscerally uncouth to me, but I suppose it's my own fault for asking it. By
now my attraction to him outweighs any of this and I am actually beginning to find the mysterious
history of the man quite fascinating.
"Because you enjoy it?" I question.
Clobe shakes his head again. "Because, I had to."
Clobe's vagueness about this is frustrating in its cryptic intoxication, just begging me to dig a
little deeper and uncover even more about the unique, if not frustrating, soul.
For now, however, I decide to let it be.
"Did you have a guy back in Billings?" I ask, changing the subject but doubling down on my
forwardness.
The unicorn laughs. "My dedication is to protecting the people of Billings, Montana. There
is no time for love, only honor."
"And what now?" I ask him. "Will you look for love now that there is no city left to care
for?"
Clobe seems slightly offended by this question, though I am not exactly sure why. "Billings
can still be saved. That's what we are doing here, is it not?"
"Of course." I tell him, realizing now the subtle yet toxic nature of my own pessimism, as if I
had already given up somewhere deep within my own heart.
"I should have never left," Clobe says, "and it is my duty to make up for the mistakes that
I've made. I am dedicated to my service of Billings and I am dedicated to my service of you."
I let out a long sigh. I am both thankful and saddened by the handsome police officer's
response, wondering now if he will ever be able to relate to me on the level that I so desperately
crave. I can see the gay sensuality in him, feel it whenever we are close, but his discipline is uncanny.
Beneath the surface is a wild animal just waiting to roam free, a bear in a cage who has been starving
for it's fill of carnal satisfaction. It's been there for years, just waiting for the right moment to
explode.
Or has Chole been so obsessed with pounding ass for honor, that he's forgotten how to pound
ass for love?
"I'm going to get some rest," I finally announce, standing up from the log and making my way
over to the tent.
"Goodnight," Clobe says. "I'll be here."
I stop. "You're just not going to sleep tonight?"
Clobe shakes his head. "Not until we are somewhere safe."
I know that there is no use in even trying to reason with him, so I don't. Instead, I
climb under my canvas tent and lay back against the ground below me. I have a meager bedroll
separating the ground from my back, which is horribly uncomfortable, but the view is great.
From here I can see out across the river, a rippling black mirror that reflects the light of the
fire across its dark surface. My own little slice of scenic Montana.
I close my eyes, trying to sleep but having a hard time adjusting to the hard earth below me. I
can feel a large root protruding into my back, causing me to roll from side to side without any hope of
relief.
I open my eyes again, trying my best to relax and just focus in on the natural beauty around
me, the sound of the river washing up against the shore and the crackle of the fire as it pops and hisses
softly in the dark. I let my gaze linger on the water yet again, following the dance of the firelight's
reflection until my vision becomes fixed upon something far off on the opposite bank of the river.
I'm squinting now, trying to adjust my vision and make sense of what I am seeing. Surely, my
eyes must be mistaking me, but as I realize they are not I gasp aloud and then cry out for Clobe.
I can hear him stand abruptly and then approach my tent.
"What is it?" the unicorn asks.
"Come down here, slowly," I say.
Clobe does as he's told, crouching down next to me under the canvas and then following my
gaze out across the water.
"Is that what I think it is?" I ask.
Clobe's eyes slowly adjust to the darkness, but when he finally catches the outline for
himself his reaction is just as startled. He does his best not to show it, though.
Across the river and halfway submerged within the water is an absolutely enormous butt,
which I immediately identify as a failed experiment from the nearby Rubble Science Labs. After the
notorious experiments on Huntertuck Island, these scientists began taking their biological splicing
further and further, creating several hybrids between butt and animal. While the first few were
friendly and, often, quite romantic, eventually the experiments were taken over by the United States
military who tried to weaponize the butts. Eventually, the entire project was shut down, but not
before many of the strange anal creatures were released into the wilderness.
The size of this beast, however, is more than anything I had ever known possible. Based on
the huge brown eye that hovers just above the waterline, reflecting back the light of the fire towards
us, I would guess that this beast is at least twelve meters long, cheek to cheek.
In any other situation I would immediately retreat from the waters edge, but Clobe and I have
found ourselves closed in tight by the surrounding cliffs. There is nowhere to go but out into the water
and down the river by boat.
"We can't leave," I whisper in desperation.
"It'll alright," Clobe says, sitting down in the tent next to me. "I'll watch the butt, you rest."
"I can't sleep like this," I tell the unicorn, "are you kidding me?"
"I'll watch him," Clobe repeats. "I'll be here with you."
I reach out in the darkness very slowly and find Clobe's hoof, which I then immediately
grasp tight. The feeling of his fur upon my skin brings an incredible reassurance, that familiar timeless
safety I've learned to appreciate in only a matter of days.
Slowly but surely, I pull Clobe's arm over my body so that I eventually find myself wrapped
in his muscular embrace. This is one of the rare occasions when the brute is not wearing his uniform,
and the sensation of his warm unicorn flesh against mine is otherworldly.
The closer we move together in the darkness, the more hesitant I can feel him get, however,
almost sensing the internal struggle between the moral codes that viciously battle it out within his
mind. I reach back with one hand and place it onto the unicorn's leg, which seems to ease him a bit,
helping him make up his mind.
"Don't take your eyes off of the butthole," I whisper to Clobe. "Keep me safe."
"I'll always keep you safe," he says in return.
My back now pressed hard against Clobe's muscular chest, I turn my head slightly and look
up at him, smiling as I see that his gaze is still utterly transfixed upon the beast across the river; Clobe
truly is my protector.
Carefully, I pull myself up and push my lips against his. The unicorn does not resist at all,
meeting me halfway in a glorious kiss that kicks my heart into double time. We stay like this for a
moment and then finally pull away.
"Sleep now," Clobe says.
"But I want to be with you," I tell him.
"You are with me," Clobe responds, knowing full well what I mean but not yet willing to
address it. Behind me, I can feel his manhood becoming slowly engorged against the small of my
back, causing me to flush with red embarrassment. I slowly begin to walk my hand up his leg, but
seconds later Clobe reaches over to stop me.
"It's not safe," he says.
I'm not sure if he is referring to the butt or to our blossoming attraction to one another, but
either way I respect the man's wishes and stop myself. Eventually, Clobe's body calms itself down
and his manhood returns to its usual, resting position.
There are so many things that I want to say to my handsome unicorn right now, so many things
that I want to do, but I stop myself. Now is not the time to reveal my heart entirely, I suppose, but the
longer we wait the stronger this tension gets. Clobe is an honorable beast, but the strength of his will
doesn't stand a chance against the building avalanche of gay passion that continues to grow between
us.
I close my eyes once more, forgetting all about the dangerous and terrifying butt across the
river, forgetting about the root that jabs hard into my back, forgetting about the long day of travel
ahead of us. For now, I am protected.