When I open my eyes, the canyon has been flooded with daylight and the giant mutant butt
across the river is now gone. I roll over to see Clobe sitting next to me, his eyes still transfixed upon
the rumbling water before us.
"Did you sleep?" I ask, already knowing the answer.
Clobe shakes his horned head. "I'll be fine."
We make haste packing up our things and then head out into the river once again, this time
within a days travel of Chicago. Clobe seems strangely cold today, not in any blatant sense, but in an
attitude that exists between the spaces where we speak. He is more reserved, more stoic, and more
steadfast in his position of honor before all. I don't mention our kiss from the night before, and neither
does he.
We've only traveled a few miles down the river when Clobe slows his rowing, looking out
at a massive carcass that sits half eaten on the bank. It is a buffalo or some other large, cattle like
beast, nearly torn in half. Scavengers and carrion surround the body, battling for scraps.
"What is it?" I ask.
"Leftovers," Clobe replies. "That vicious butt is around here somewhere."
I sit up fast in the boat, spinning my head around and scanning the entire river. I halfway
expect Clobe to calm me, soothing my panic with some reassuring words about how I have nothing to
worry about, but the unicorn does no such thing. Clobe looks just as concerned, his eyes darting
across the surface of the water in search of any clues that could give away the behemoth lurking
below.
Seeing nothing, the unicorn starts to row once again, his strokes now much more deliberate
as they pull us farther and farther away from the creature's half finished meal.
Meanwhile, I continue to keep watch, my heart pumping hard in my chest. I notice now that
all of the scavengers nearby have stopped their consumption, frozen in silence as they watch us drift
farther and farther away. The birds have ceased chirping as well, so that the only sound remaining is
the soft whisper of the river as it pushes it's way along.
"This is eerie," I state, hoping that by commenting on it I can somehow defuse the situation. It
doesn't work.
"I feel it, too," says Clobe. He stops rowing for a moment and places one hand on his police
baton, ready to swing it within a split second's notice.
Suddenly, I can feel a great surging movement from the water below me, as if an absolutely
massive amount of the river had been somehow displaced. The surface swells and rocks the boat
from one side to the other in a terrifyingly powerful movement.
I look over the edge and see the mounds of a large peachy ass passing beneath us.
"Hang on!" Clobe cries out, but before he can alert me it's already too late. The boat rocks
once again but this time it is upended almost entirely, the water under us giving way to the body of a
massive carnivorous butt as it rises up from the depths. I'm thrown forward and find myself toppling
end over end out of the boat with a loud splash.
There is a boisterous crack as the boat splinters apart, crashing back down with a huge hole
through the middle that immediately begins to submerge and causes the nearby carrion to take flight in
fear.
Clobe stands on the sinking vessel in water that is already knee deep, clopping over to the
edge and reaching out his hand in a futile attempt to pull me back aboard.
From down in the river I can see something massive begin to swim towards me, cruising
through the water at lighting speed. Clobe sees it too, and without a second thought the brave unicorn
whips out his nightstick and leaps from the boat, swinging downward at the voracious ass.
The blow from Clobe's rod is not enough to stop the powerful butt, but it is certainly enough
to draw its attention. The butt whips around and winks it's massive hole at the unicorn.
The giant aquatic ass fails in its first attempt to bite Clobe with a butthole that could literally
swallow him whole. It misses, giving the unicorn a chance to grab one of the broken oars as it floats
nearby.
On the ass's second attempt it envelops Clobe entirely, but cannot consume him thanks to the
oar that now remains lodged within the creature's massive butthole.
I can hear a gargling cry as Clobe is tugged forcefully below the surface by the ass, his
unicorn arms disappearing from sight.
"No!" I cry out, unsure of what to do. I have no weapons, no means of defending myself nor
saving Clobe from certain death as he lies trapped in the depths of the riverbed, his body clenched
tight in this monster's vicious jaws.
In my desperation I'm struck with an idea, one that will probably never work but is
screaming for my attention none-the-less.
Immediately, I swim over to the capsizing boat and grab my completely submerged
backpack. My spell notebook is inside, but it is waterlogged and almost entirely destroyed.
The loss of this volume is utterly devastating to me, but for the moment I have no time to
mourn. With only seconds to spare I hold the book above water and flip through to my newest spell,
Buckaroo Tumbleweed.
I had only barely just learned the spell, and the idea of piecing it together from this mess of
runny ink is ridiculous at best, but I have to try. The only thing that I have going for me is that fact that
my recent time with the incantation has left it fresh in my memory.
From where I sit in the submerged boat I can see the butt rolling around in the murky depths
of the river with Clobe clenched tightly between its cheeks.
I begin to recite the incantation, doing my best to fill in the blanks as a stumble my way
through the cascade of arcane buckaroo words.
When I finish, there is a surge of magical energy that swells within me. I extend my hand
down into the water towards the butt and hope for the best until there is a soft fizzle of green light,
nothing more. The spell has misfired.
I'm suddenly hit with a wave of exhaustion so powerful that I almost collapse right then and
there. With nothing left to lose, I try again. Once more the rhythmic incantation begins to move across
my lips, the same feeling of magical energy swelling up from within.
I extend my hand down into the depths and suddenly a massive green tumbleweed erupts
from my fingertips. It rolls down into the water like a rocket, illuminating the entire riverbed with a
powerful green glow until it collides hard with the giant butt.
The enormous beast releases Clobe from its hole and flips around in the water, immediately
identifying me as the culprit and then lunging through the depths towards me.
In this split second, I fully realize my own death. Although the fate of my heroic Unicorn Butt
Cop remains unknown, at least he had the oar to protect him. I have nothing to stop these buns from
swallowing me whole.
I shut my eyes tight, bracing myself for the immeasurable pain, but it never comes.
When I open my eyes again I see that the massive butt is frozen in place, a series of blue,
glowing hoops wrapped tightly around him as he hovers, half submerged in the water. From the look
on the face of this massive ass, he is just as confused as I am.
"I'd get to the shore if I was you," comes a deep and powerful voice.
I turn abruptly to see a triceratops on the shore in long blue robes, which I immediately
identify as belonging to a very powerful wizard.
The wizard himself, however, doesn't seem very wizardly at all. While I had previously
imagined masters of the arcane to be old, bearded and gray, this dinosaur is strikingly handsome, with
a chiseled face and brilliant turquoise eye that shine like a wolf's. His three horns are healthy and
majestic, shimmering in the sunlight.
"You've got about an hour, so if you want to take your time that's fine, too," the prehistoric
wizard mocks.
I'm still in shock, but with as much focus I can muster I grab my backpack, and Clobe's, then
begin the short swim to the riverbank. It's a difficult task but somehow I manage, my body still
pumping with adrenalin.
The dinosaur bad boy on the shore does not offer to help, seemingly amused by all of this
until I finally arrive and stand before him, soaking wet.
Suddenly, everything changes.
Before I know what's happening the same blue rings that appeared around the butt have
appeared around me, sizzling and crackling with their strange magical warmth. I try my best to move
but it's absolutely no use, and when I look up at the triceratops wizard in the blue robes his casual
and friendly demeanor has turned to a look of blind rage.
"Where did you get that necklace?" the dinosaur asks, the wind picking up around us as he
speaks.
"I found it," I tell him.
"That stone does not belong to you," he announces. "It belongs to Franklin The World's Most
Charming Man!"
My eyes light up as he says this, immediately recognizing the name as yet another from the
Magical Friends Network.
"I found it," I repeat.
The furious three-horned mage shakes his head from side to side. "The Friendship Stone can
only be taken from the dead," he tells me. "So either you murdered my friend in cold blood and
you're a pilfering thief who picked the wrong person to mess with, or you're Ted Cobbler with a
clever Lookin' New spell. Either way, I've been looking for you for quiet long time, and I'm going to
enjoy this very, very much."
The wizard raises his clawed hands towards me, a blue electricity beginning to dance at the
tips of his dinosaur fingers.
"No, wait!" I cry out, my words falling of deaf ears.