Suddenly, everything stops. A sharp unicorn horn pressed tightly against the wizard's scaly
throat. Behind him stands Clobe, soaking wet, and with bruises across his entire body but very much
alive.
"Release the buckaroo," says Clobe, his head down and ready to trust forward if need be.
"Do you have any idea the things I could do to you with three magic words?" asks the
dinosaur wizard.
Clobe smiles. "Try getting one magic word out with my horn through your neck."
The wizard gives a long sigh and then suddenly my body is free again, the blue hoops
dissipating back into the magical ether. There is a loud splash as the butt falls back into the water
behind me, but at this point it seems much more interested in returning to the depths than bothering
with the potential meal that has already caused too much trouble.
"You're clearly not, Ted Cobbler," the wizard observes, "or this place would be swarming
with devilmen. That just makes you a couple of low life thieves."
"You should know better than to accuse the man of such things," says Clobe.
"That stone belongs to Franklin. It belongs to the Magical Friends Network," the mage spits,
still furious.
Upon hearing this, my attitude suddenly makes a hard shift to one of fascination and
wonderment. I've studied the Magical Friends Network for years, never before thinking that I would
ever come this close to one of the eight members. Realizing now that the stone around my neck
belonged to such a powerful charming man wizard, I can't help but reach up instinctively and hold it
within my hand.
"Really?" I ask. "This belonged to Franklin The World's Most Charming Man?"
"It did," the dinosaur wizard answers solemnly.
Without a second thought, I unclasp the necklace and carefully pool it in the palm of my
hands. I walk over to the triceratops and hold it out to him.
"Take the stone," I say, "it's yours."
The scaly green wizard shakes his head, chuckling to himself. "You don't understand, do
you?"
"But it's not mine," I protest.
The wizard seems genuinely moved by my profession of innocence, something inside of him
changing drastically when he realizes that I am simply an innocent caught in the crossfire of a forces
that I truly cannot understand.
"Once you've received the stone, it is bound to you through a powerful magic. This was
done to protect the Magical Friends Network from theft," explains the dinosaur in the blue robes. "If I
take the stone from you, my life force will drain almost immediately. I'll drop dead."
"What if I leave it here?" I ask. "What if I drop it into the sand and leave it here for someone
to come along and find later?"
"Then someone will eventually find it and the blood of an innocent will be on your hands,"
explains the triceratops. "The Friendship Stone is bound to you from life until death."
"Which means that your friend is no longer with us," I say, solemnly.
The mage says nothing, but the pain in his eyes tells me everything that I need to know.
"I found this stone in the hands of a devilman," I inform the wizard. "I swear to you."
Suddenly, the wizard's eyes flare up again. "Ted Cobbler."
Clobe interrupts. "Is he the one in black robes that we've been following?"
"He is," says the wizard, still seething. "It looks as though we are all looking for the same
person."
Clobe and me exchange glances.
"Where is he headed?" asks the dinosaur in the blue robes. "I will help you."
"We don't need your help," retorts Clobe proudly.
The prehistoric wizard can't help but smirk, even with a sharp horn pressed tightly against
his throat. "It certainly looked like you did when that butt was trying to gobble you up."
"Don't test me," Clobe says. "You might have three horns, but I can do plenty with just one."
"Boys!" I finally cry out. "Enough!"
The two beasts look at me as though they've been caught doing something naughty, a vague
embarrassment simmering beneath both of their expressions.
"I'm apologize for my crudeness," says Clobe.
"I don't," remarks the dinosaur wizard.
I roll my eyes. "If we help you find Ted Cobbler, will you help us save our people?"
"You have my word," says the triceratops.
"And what is that worth?" asks Clobe. "What is the word of an honorless dinosaur?"
"In the name of Franklin The World's Most Charming Man, you have my word," says the
wizard.
I nod to Clobe and he removes his horn from the dinosaur wizard's throat.
"What is your name?" I ask.
"Zakeff Ron… The Hot Trotter," he states plainly.
I'm in shock, though by this point I suppose I probably should have seen it coming. It's an
incredible gift to be in the presence of such a powerful and respected mage.
If only he wasn't such a prick.
"I'm Pupper and this is Clobe," I say.
"Yes, yes. Let's exchange pleasantries later," says the dinosaur. "Where are we headed?"
I scoff a little at his rudeness, but follow along with the beast's line of questioning.
"Chicago," I inform him.
With our boat in pieces and our horses long gone, the remainder of our journey to Chicago is
traveled by foot. Once back on the main freeway, it becomes quite apparent that we are headed in the
right direction because the truck tracks have reappeared, that same mess of rubber tires and bloody
demon footprints crisscrossing over the pavement.
Having this new traveler by our side has definitely made me appreciate Clobe even more,
the steadfast nature of his honor and morality a polar opposite to Zakeff's aloof and arrogant attitude.
After all of the stories I've read about this prominent magical dinosaur, I would have fully expected
him to be a stoic creature of discipline, but he is nothing of the sort; loud, brash and sometimes
downright disrespectful, a real bad boy.
I'm not quite sure which is more unexpected, though, his attitude or his appearance.
"Hey, can I ask you a question?" I posit to the robed triceratops as we walk side by side
down the wide, multilane freeway, not a car in sight.
"Depends on what it is," retorts Zakeff. "I don't answer personal questions, and I don't
answer stupid questions." When the wizard mentions stupid questions he makes a hard glance over at
Clobe, but says nothing more.
"For such a powerful wizard, why do you look so young," I ask.
Clobe smiles. "You're skirting the edges, but I'll tell you because I feel like chatting. Do you
know what being hot-to-trot is?"
"Of course," I tell him.
"Pupper is a wizard himself," My unicorn protector announces.
"Well, no. I dabble," I say.
Zakeff eyes me suspiciously, but lets it go. "I am the keeper of all hot-to-trot magic at the
Magical Friends Network, meaning that my skills of looking slick, feeling good and luck are very
honed. I can mend broken bones and undo curses, even reverse aging."
"How old are you?" I ask, my curiosity getting the best of me. "I mean, really."
"Now that is what we call too personal," laughs the dinosaur wizard. "Tell me, how much do
you dabble in magic, Pupper?"
I shrug. "It's my passion, I just don't have the resources," I explain. "I had a small spell
notebook with ten or so pages, but that's gone now."
"Gone?" Zakeff asks.
I reach into my bag and pull out the spell book, a once tattered and torn collection of pages
now completely disintegrated by the river water. There is nothing left. "I'd find more spells on the
internet but its been down ever since Ted Cobbler started using his dark magic."
"Aw, now that's a shame," says Zakeff. "May I see it?"
I hand the mess of matted parchment and runny ink to Zakeff, who looks it over, inspecting
the damage.
"I remember my first spell book," says the wizard as he runs his fingers along the cover of
my haphazardly bound volume.
Suddenly, the wizard begins to recite a few magical phrases that I can't quite recognize.
Clobe places his hoof on his baton, ready to draw, but before anyone has a chance to react, a
shimmering blue light swirls across my spell notebook like dust in the wind. The next thing I know,
all of the pages have been restored to a state even better than their original.
Casually, the wizard hands me back my spell book. "Looks fine to me," he says.
As I inspect the full refurbished pages a wave of intense gratitude washes over me. I have
learned in my studies as an office wizard that magic can accomplish any number of incredible things,
but when it occurs as unexpectedly as this, there is no way to prepare yourself for the shock and
amazement that is bound to occur. I find myself speechless, which is probably for the better. Zakeff
Ron doesn't seem like the type who readily accepts thanks.
"I appreciate it," I finally tell the triceratops wizard.
Zakeff ignores me completely, not so much as a smile as we continue onward.
"May I ask," Clobe starts, suddenly interjecting, "how do you know this Ted Cobbler?"
Zakeff continues with his silence.
"So you will travel with us to find him, but not help us kick his cute bad boy butt?" continues
Clobe. "What is this?"
Zakeff chuckles aloud to himself. "You will not defeat, Ted Cobbler."
"Do you doubt my skills as a Unicorn Butt Cop?" Clobe scoffs.
"Yes," says Zakeff, bluntly. "More importantly, I understand Ted Cobbler's skills as a dark
wizard. We sat together on the Magical Friends Network for many years, I have seen what he is
capable of."
"You weren't capable of much with my horn against your neck," retorts Clobe, clearly tired
of this wizard's sour attitude.
Zakeff sighs, ignoring the unicorn. "You will need my help to defeat him, which I am glad to
offer under one condition."
"What's that?" I ask.
"That afterwards you return with me to the Magical Friends Network. There, we can preform
a curse removal and transition the gem onto a new representative of The World's Most Charming
Man."
"I thought you said the only way to transfer the jewel is through death," I respond,
skeptically.
"I simplified," Zakeff says, "You'd be amazed what you can accomplish with eight of the
greatest minds in sorcery locked away in a tower. We we're the ones who created the curse, we can
take it away."
I think about his response for a moment. "What does the stone do?" I ask.
The dinosaur laughs. "You're a dabbler, right? I'm sure you've figured it out by now."
"Spell amplification," I state, matter-of-factly.
Zakeff smiles, "You know your stuff."
The wizard reaches into his robe and pulls out a long, beautifully crafted want of shimmering
gold, atop which a blue stone in affixed. The jewel is almost identical to mine, save for the difference
in color.
"This is my Friendship Stone," he says. "Any spell that I cast this is hot-to-trot is greatly
multiplied in its power, as I'm sure you've already noticed. Around your neck is the stone of
charming man."
I reach up and feel the stone.
"It once belonged to a great sorcerer and gay lover, Franklin," Zakeff states, a surge of
emotion suddenly spilling over throughout his voice. "He had left the Friendship Network on
business, flew across the land and then suddenly lost contact after the dark magic attack."
"The attack?" I ask.
"Ted Cobbler turned on us, pretended to be a real buddy and then took as many of the
Friendship Stones as possible. Luckily, he failed to overwhelm the tower completely," Zakeff
explains.
"I thought anyone trying to take a stone was met with a slow and painful death," Clobe
interjects.
Zakeff ignores him.
"I thought anyone trying to take a stone was met with a slow and painful death," I repeat.
The dinosaur wizard smiles, though his eyes seem to be welling up with emotion now
"That's why he uses the devilmen to take and carry the stones. As long as the gems remain in demon
hands, Ted Cobbler has found a loophole in the system. Demons are not alive, nor dead. What he
needs that kind of spell amplification for, I cannot say, but it would be best to stop him before finding
out."
"Well where are the others from the Magical Friends Network?" I ask, gravely concerned.
"Why aren't they helping to stop him?"
Zakeff shakes his big scaly head. "They're aren't many of us left," he says before a sudden
shift in attitude, "and that's why I don't talk about personal matters."
With that, the wizard pulls up his blue robe over his three horns and continues to walk in
silence.