As was the case when approaching Billings, the hints that Chicago may have already been
compromised are apparent well before arriving. Like our fair city in Montana, the freeways
surrounding the town are completely empty, void of any travelers beside ourselves along the way.
Back in Billings, this could have at least been possible, but Chicago is substantially larger, making
the lack of traffic even more unusual.
Finally, around dusk, we round a bend in the road and find ourselves face to face with the
wide-open Chicago city gate.
Unlike Billings, this city is completely surrounded by a small wall, known as the Great Wall
of Chicago, which I have heard is routinely patrolled by police officers and, although I have never
seen this for myself, it only takes one look to notice that something is gravely amiss.
The large gate, which is held in place by massive chains and a pulley system, sits half open.
There is no sign of life anywhere.
Without thinking, I mumble a few words under my breath and cast Take A Peek, immediately
projecting my senses out into the first portion of the town. Like before, I get a powerful magical
reading from the stone around my neck, as well as the dinosaur wizard standing next to me, but other
than that I find nothing other than a strange dark magic residue, which seems to drift through the air
around us.
"He was here," I announce, "but not anymore."
Zakeff glances at me, impressed.
"I'll take the lead," Clobe remarks heroically, gripping his baton and stepping out towards
the massive gate. Zakeff and me follow closely behind.
"Greetings!" Zakeff Ron calls out. "We come to bring word from Billings! We request an
audience with the mayor of Chicago!"
There is no response; just the lone call of a crow that sits perched upon the gate above us.
Our group continues onward and suddenly we find ourselves in the heart of the city.
It becomes immediately apparent that there is nobody else here besides us. The streets are
completely empty, with the same signs of struggle that were apparent in Billings. Doors of nearby
businesses hang open on their hinges.
I watch as Zakeff begins to walk towards the empty shell of a local bar.
"Where are you going?" I call out to him, "are there survivors?"
"I'm getting a drink," the dinosaur wizard calls back.
By the time Clobe and me arrive at the bar Zakeff has already made himself at home, pouring
a glass of clear, chocolate milk vodka and keeping the bottle nearby for more.
"The cash is gone," the dinosaur wizard announces. "In case you were wondering."
"We weren't," Clobe states proudly.
The wizard smiles. "I guess you're really not thieves, are you?"
"And you?" Clobe asks, nodding his horned head towards the glass of chocolate milk vodka
that rests in front of Zakeff. "Have you no honor?"
"I'm borrowing this," says Zakeff with a smirk, hoisting his glass to the two of us and then
downing it in one large gulp.
The wizard starts to pour another.
From the corner of my eye I can see Clobe watching the wizard with a focused intensity,
following the movement of the smooth liquid as it travels from bottle to glass. He wants so badly to
have a drink, but his Unicorn Butt Cop code of conduct will not permit him to steal.
Zakeff notices, too. "You want me to pour you one?" he asks, flipping a few quarters onto the
counter. "There you go, all paid for."
Clobe says nothing, just stews quietly.
"Where to now?" I ask.
"New York City is very close to here," Zakeff says. "The capital of America. If there is one
city that could put up a fight against the demonic horde, it's them. We shall leave tomorrow morning
and head there, see if we can get any answers."
"And who put you in charge?" asks Clobe gruffly.
Zakeff shrugs. "I suppose I did when I saved your life."
"You didn't save my life," the unicorn retorts. "Pupper did."
The dinosaur wizard rolls his eyes. "Do you actually have anything useful to add, or are you
just going to stand there grunting all evening?"
Clobe looks as though he's ready to punch the wizard's teeth in, but instead he just turns and
walks out the door into the cool evening air.
My first instinct is to follow him, but I still find myself utterly fascinated by this Zakeff Ron
character. The Unicorn Butt Cop can take care of himself for a while, I decide. It might be good for
him to blow off a little steam.
I walk over to the bar and sit down next to Zakeff. "Can I ask you something?" I question him
for the second time today.
"You know I don't like personal questions," says the wizard.
"If Ted Cobbler is after the Friendship Stones, then why not send me far, far away?" I ask.
"Why let me chase after him with you?"
Zakeff takes a long sip of chocolate milk vodka. "Because you wouldn't listen if I told you to
go. Your family is on the line, your friends. And besides, if the devilmen caught up to Franklin, they
can catch up to you."
"He meant a lot to you, didn't he?" I ask.
The wizard says nothing.
I reach over and grab a glass, then pour myself a drink from his bottle. I take a deep breath
and then throw it back.
"What the hell is this?" I ask in complete confusion, almost spitting the liquid out.
"Water," Zakeff says. "I don't drink, I just filled an empty bottle from the tap."
"But why?" I continue.
"Just to mess with the Butt Cop." Zakeff says with a smirk. "Unicorns try to act all
disaffected, but it sure is easy to get them all riled up."
I shake my head, realizing what a bastard this dinosaur truly is. In all of my studies as an
office wizard, I had always looked up to the Magical Friends Network. They seemed so epic, so
powerful, so perfect. I'm now beginning to realize that high intelligence does not always equate to
high empathy and certainly not decent social skills. I may admire Zakeff's talent, but his personality is
utterly appalling.
"I'm not a bad dinosaur," Zakeff says, noticing the way that I'm looking at him.
"I don't think you are," I respond, not sure if I really mean it.
"If I was a bad dinosaur, I would have just eaten you and taken the jewel," Zakeff explains.
"That's what an evil dino would do. A smart dinosaur, however, would let you fight along side him
and then, should your life end prematurely, I could simply take the stone back."
Finally, I've had enough of this prehistoric wizard's abrasive nature. Without another word, I
stand up from the bar and head out into the night, searching for Clobe.
"See you right here in the morning," Zakeff calls out after me, "bright and early!"
When I find Clobe he is in the Chicago square, trying his best to upright a handful of stone
statues that appear to have been toppled during the attack. The unicorn looks gravely concerned and
deep in thought, but his expression quickly changes to a smile when he sees me approaching.
"Everything okay?" I ask.
"I don't trust that bad boy dinosaur," Clobe says. "He's hiding something."
"Or he's all too honest," I add. "One of the two. Do you think we should separate from him?"
Clobe shakes his head, his mane feathering out beautifully behind him. "Zakeff Ron is the
best chance that we have to take on Ted Cobbler and rescue our people."
"Looks like a little more than just our people now," I counter.
"Exactly why we need Zakeff," the unicorn replies, "we've gotten in over our heads, we
need him now."
Clobe continues to lift the statues up into position, doing his best to replace the cracked
pieces that have broken off onto the ground around us. His honor and drive to do good is astounding, a
sight that warms my soul to the very core.
Of course, innocent warmth is not the only thing that begins to blossom within me while I
watch this unicorn do his heavy lifting.
Without a uniform hide his incredible physique, I can finally get a real look at the handsome
beast and I am not at all disappointed. He is the peak of physical perfection; every muscle from his
broad shoulders down to his tree trunk legs is toned and hardened through years of intense discipline
and service as a Butt Cop.
"I'm going to find a hotel for us to crash in," I tell Clobe. "I'd like to do some studying
before tomorrow and have my spells in order."
Clobe hesitates for a moment. "I'm glad that Zakeff was able to repair your spell notebook,"
he says, the words absolutely bathed in an awkward subtext.
"Yeah," I say, as cool and collected as I can muster. "Hey, maybe you should get some rest,
too."
"I'm going to stay out here and see if there's anything else around town for me to clean up,"
the unicorn announces.
I let out a long sigh. "Come up with me," I command him.
"There's work to be done."
"I'm scared," I lie. "I need a little company, a little gay company."
I know that it is a low blow playing on Clobe's sense of protection and honor like this, but
somebody needs to save him from himself.
The next thing I know, Clobe is leading the way over to a hotel that overlooks the square,
opening the door for me and then placing more than enough of his own hundred dollar bills on the
counter to cover our stay; at least double.
We take the elevator to the fifth floor and make our way down the long hallway, eventually
arriving at the two finest suites in the whole building.
"Enjoy your studies," says Clobe, "I'll be in here if you need me."
"You said you'd make me feel safe," I tell the muscular unicorn cop, stopping him in his
tracks.
"I'll be right across the hall," explains Clobe. "I'm here to protect you."
"But whose going to protect you?" I coo, stepping foreword so that our bodies are pressed
up against each other. "All of this discipline can only hold you back for so long. You told me yourself
that you're a fighter, but where's the fighter now?"
Clobe says nothing.
"Are going to fight for me?" I ask him, breathlessly whispering the words into Clobe's ears.
"I have pledged to do so," responds Clobe.
"Then do it," I say. "Fight for my handsome body, let yourself go."
Suddenly, all of the tension that has been building between us explodes in a visceral wave of
homosexual passion. Clobe is pushing back against me, our lips meeting as the man picks me up in his
powerful hooved arms and carries me through the door of my room. I am trembling as he pushes me
back onto the bed and continues to kiss me deeply, his hulking unicorn body climbing up over the top
of mine as he controls the situation.
"Clobe," I moan, the words escaping my soft wet lips and sizzling the air between us.
In this moment, I feel more wanted than I have ever felt, more beautiful, and more desired. I
am the spark to his beastly gay fire.
I arch my back, pushing into the pillows below as the unicorn explores my body with his
large hands, learning my toned abs as I learn the topography of his powerful muscles.
As our eyes meet I laugh unexpectedly, enjoying this perfect moment that has been in the
works for far, far too long.
"Don't hold back," I groan, pulling off my shirt and throwing it to the side as I reveal my
incredible muscles. My skin feels electric in the cool night air from the room's open window.
The wild unicorn stallion beneath Clobe's collected exterior begins to shine through even
more as the beast controls me, taking my arms in one of his large hooves and holding them back above
my head. He makes his way down my body in a series of kisses, starting on my neck and then moving
lower and lower until he reaches my toned stomach.
I let out a sharp gasp as Clobe plays with the edge of my skirt, teasing me as he wraps his
teeth under the threshold. I want so badly to reveal myself entirely, to exist without any barriers
between us. I want to feel every square inch of his skin against mine.
Finally, with one powerful tug Clobe rips my skirt away, leaving me completely naked and
exposed. Part of me thinks that I should feel awkward or embarrassed to be so bare before this
incredible unicorn, but his protective presence has evolved into a strange, supportive freedom. Even
at my most vulnerable, I am safe with Clobe, and I have no problem with him gazing upon my massive
erect cock.
I sit up in the bed and wrap my arms around the man's powerful frame, hoisting myself up so
that I'm now clinging to his chest as I kiss him. Clobe makes me feel small in the most pleasant of
ways, and the tighter I cling to him the more beautiful the sensation becomes. By now my legs are
wrapped tightly around his body, as well, making it easy to find a new position when the unicorn
whips me around and lies back into the sheets of the bed.
I find myself riding him as the powerful beast lays back before me, every part of his
muscular chest stretching and shifting in an incredible, anatomical display. I can't help but run my
slender hands up and down his chest, exploring the shape and admiring the incredible discipline that
it must have taken to create this chiseled form.
"You're perfect," I gush.
"I'm not," Clobe assures me.
At this point, our skin-to-skin warmth is no longer enough. I need to feel him inside of me
and I need it right now. Without another word, I reach down and unbutton the unicorn's jeans, pulling
them off just enough to release the creature's ferocious manhood.
Clobe is rock hard, and just as enormous as I had expected after feeling him against me on
the riverbank. The unicorn let's out a long, aching moan as I wrap my hands around his shaft, satisfied
with my touch and yearning for more.
I carefully align Clobe with the edges of my puckered asshole and then push back onto him,
biting my lip as he slides up into me and stretches my insides to the brink. His member is absolutely
enormous, unlike anything I have ever experienced in my previous sexual adventures.
There is a heat against my chest. I notice now that the stone around my neck has started to
glow and sizzle with the same magical energy it would if I we're casting a spell. My swagger as a
charming man is fueling it, the ethereal slickness floating through the air around us and charging the
gem in ways that I might never quite understand.
I instinctively begin to rock my body against the unicorn in slow, firm, swoops, trembling
slightly with every movement as Clobe pushes into my butt. The unicorn guides me with his muscular
arms, helping me find the perfect position as swivel my hips to the rhythm of his slow, deliberate
pulse.
"I told you not to hold back," I moan, realizing now that Clobe's protective nature has started
to kick in once again. For as much of a gentleman as he is, I want him to take me like the beast that
lurks somewhere deep down inside, hidden away. "Pound this tight gay ass even harder!"
Clobe does as he's told, speeding up ever so slightly with every pump until he is pulling me
across his length at an incredible speed. His movements are far from frantic, however, retaining an
expert precision no matter how fast the anal pounding becomes.
Soon enough, I can feel the first pangs of prostate orgasm starting to blossom from
somewhere deep inside me. The sensation is incredible yet somehow unsatisfied, a yearning for
something that hovers just barely out of reach.
Still, the connection between Clobe and I has never been stronger, linked together by some
otherworldly gay force that goes well beyond the magic that I so diligently study. Whether or not this
feeling is love, I'm not entirely sure, but there is no doubt in my mind that whatever it is looms
powerful over us in this moment.
I notice a sudden shift in Clobe below me, something finally breaking away that has been
chained to a wall in the dungeon of his subconscious mind. The fire in the unicorn's eyes goes from a
passionate flame to an overpowering blaze, a heat that even the most disciplined of Unicorn Butt
Cops cannot entirely control.
Suddenly, Clobe is pushing me up off of him and taking complete control. With one swift and
mighty movement the hulking unicorn spins me around so that I'm facing away from him on my hands
and knees. I look back in shock and amazement, thrilled to be the object of his commanding desires as
the man positions his girthy member at the edge of my reamed out butthole.
Seconds later, the unicorn pushes into me, causing me to cry out with aching enthusiasm
while my hands grip tightly onto the blankets before me. Clobe begins to pump into my muscular ass
from behind while I brace myself against his slams.
It's not long before we find a rhythm together, pulsing with one another in the heat of gay
passion like a strange, singular being. We are reading each other's bodies, learning one another in a
way that is so intimate, only the two of us will ever share it; a secret, sexual ritual.
As Clobe continues to take me ruthlessly the orgasmic prostate sensations begin to simmer
and boil over within, spreading in a tidal wave of heat across my body. The quiet trembling that has
been coursing through my frame has now grown into a spastic quake, my muscles clenching tight
against the tremors of pleasure.
Immediately, I reach down and begin to beat myself off, furiously stroking my tight grip
across the length of my own giant hanging cock. The feeling is unreal.
I can't help myself, starting to scream out in an animalistic cry of pleasure when the building
pressure simply becomes too much to bear. After three more slams of Clobe against my backside, I
am suddenly exploding with sensation, the orgasm finally released from its cage and tearing me apart
from the inside out. I clench my eyes tight and let out a guttural shriek from the blinding pleasure,
every one of my senses overwhelmed as Clobe pushes into me and holds. A massive blast of hot
white jizz ejects from the head of my shaft, splattering onto the sheets and blankets below us.
The unicorn is orgasming now, as well; his massive hands gripped tightly around my waist
as he holds me in place and unleashes a blast of hot, manly liquid within my butthole.
Clobe and me immediately collapse onto the bed with one another, aching and covered in
glistening sweat but utterly satisfied. I close my eyes and let out a long sigh, feeling the weight on the
bed next to me shift as the unicorn stands and walks across the room.
He locks the door and then crawls back into bed next to me.