As usual, I awaken to find that Clobe has gotten an early start. He looks happy and refreshed
with a clean mane and bright eyes. The unicorn is sitting at the window of our suite and gazing out
across the desolate city. Regardless of where we end up, he always seems to be watching over me.
"How long have you been awake?" I ask, shielding my eyes against the rising sun as its light
filters into our room in long, golden lances of yellow.
"Not long," Clobe tells me.
I sit up in bed, prompting the unicorn to leave his post by the window and come take a seat
next to me. The two of us exchange no words; simply a pleasant look of appreciation, and then with
an unexpected movement Clobe leans in and kisses me deeply. Our lips feel welcome as they touch,
as if reminding one another of their own little secret.
"I'm going to go do some more repairs on the square," states the unicorn, standing up again.
"When you're ready, come down and we'll head over to meet him."
"I'll be there in a moment," I tell the unicorn, prompting Clobe to make his exit.
I hesitate for a minute and then climb out of bed, dress, and collect my things. When I pick up
to my spell book however, I stop for a moment, opening it and looking over the repairs that Zakeff had
done for me just the evening before.
I run my hands across the bone dry notebook paper, not only mended but cleaned and
refurbished. The pages have somehow been centered and tidied up, the binding tightened and
reinforced by some unknown material. The once scattered collection of pages is, by no means, a real
book now, but it's about as close as it can get.
A smile slowly creeps across my face. I'm not sure what to think of Zakeff yet, but I'm
certain he's not quite the arrogant bad boy creep that he projects himself to be.
Not entirely, at least.
When I arrive in the town square, Clobe has just finished his reconstruction and, I have to
admit, it does look much better. What was once a desolate scene of struggle and despair has, at least,
become something of a symbol for resilience. Regardless of what has happened here, there is
always the possibility of someone coming along and making things right. There is always hope to be
found.
"Ready?" I ask the unicorn.
Clobe nods and together we walk back to the tavern, quickly finding that Zakeff Ron is
seated outside on the front stoop.
"I have something to show you," remarks the dinosaur wizard as we approach. "I think you'll
find it quite interesting, Pupper."
Without another word, Zakeff stands and then strides back into the bar, expecting us to
follow.
Clobe and I exchange glances, not so much concerned by the caster's strange behavior, as we
are mildly amused. We follow him inside.
"Last night, I went for a stroll around Chicago, took a walk around the edge of the city as
well," the wizard says, making his way across the main floor of the bar. "It's eerie out there. The
birds have all left, the animals far removed, even the air itself seems to be filled with… darkness."
Zakeff stops walking and turns around to face us, standing now before a pantry at the back of
the room.
"Ted Cobbler has amassed quite an army of devils," the wizard states. "So many that, even
with all of his power, he can't quite keep track of every single one."
There is suddenly a loud crash from the pantry, which causes me and Clobe to jump while
Zakeff smirks gleefully.
"Every once in a while, a dark wizard will overstep his bounds. A devilman or two will get
lost in the shuffle," Zakeff explains. "Look what I found wandering around the northern wall."
The wizard turns and opens the door, revealing a devilman who wanders aimlessly back and
forth within the pantry, seemingly unaware of his surroundings. The second that I see this demonic
servant, I recognize his haphazard demeanor as exactly what I experienced on the road in Billings.
"Isn't magic fascinating?" Zakeff asks me.
I nod. "When I found the Friendship Stone, this is exactly how the devilman was acting."
"I'm sure that Ted Cobbler was more than a little upset about that," the dinosaur wizard
observes.
As we are talking, the demon begins to wander aimlessly towards the pantry entrance, but
before it can make its escape Zakeff slams the door in its frightening, red face. There is another loud
crash from within the pantry, followed by more shuffling.
"So Ted Cobbler is weak?" I ask, trying to understand what Zakeff Ron is getting at.
"Quite the contrary," the Jurassic wizard explains. "It means that he is pushing the limits of
his powers. He has summoned more devilmen than I can even imagine, more than simply enough to
capture a small town like Billings."
"A whole army," I say.
Zakeff nods. "He has enough soldiers that an attack on New York is not out of the question."
"But New York has one of the finest battalions of Butt Cops that there is!" Clobe interjects.
"Sometimes that's not enough," remarks Zakeff coldly. "Rescuing your people may not be an
option, things have already gotten too far out of control. Our objective needs to be stopping Ted
Cobbler first, saving the captives second."
"My allegiance is to the people of Billings," states Clobe. "They are my first priority."
"I thought protecting Pupper here was your first priority," remarks the triceratops, an
observation that seems to make Clobe strangely uncomfortable.
The unicorn is silent for a moment. "He is a citizen of Billings," he finally says. "It is my
duty to protect them both."
"The best way to protect them is to kill Ted Cobbler," Zakeff explains. "The second that he
goes down, his devilmen go with him."
I can tell that Clobe does not want to agree with Zakeff on anything, but this plan makes the
most sense and, to be fair, is probably the only chance that we have against this potentially massive
army of demonic soldiers.
"Agreed" the unicorn cop finally says. "Your strategy is sound."
"Good," replies Zakeff with a smile. "Then off we go to our certain doom."
The city of New York City can be seen for miles, an enormous metropolis of winding
boulevards towering skyscrapers that seems to stretch on forever. The entire thing is surrounded by a
great body of water, which is the first thing that we see when we crest over the nearby hillside. The
second thing, however, is a massive, glowing portal that appears to be hovering somewhere near
Central Park. It's glow is ominous, a radiant oval that shimmers like a weird and watery mirror.
"Where does the portal lead?" I ask.
"I have no idea," Zakeff tells me, "but you can tell by the edges that it's growing unstable,
it's about to close and I'm assuming that when it does, finding Ted Cobbler and your people will be
nearly impossible."
"Then what are we waiting for?" Clobe asks, beginning to stand up and gallop over the
hillside towards a bridge that leads directly into the city.
Abruptly, I put my hand out to stop him. "Wait," I instruct.
I can here Zakeff murmuring a few words to himself and then suddenly there is a subtle blue
shimmer that emits from his eyes like a puff of smoke.
"They've taken the city," the wizard says. "I can see the devilman guards all over the
bridge."
"You can see them all the way from here?" Clobe asks.
"Magic, my friend," chuckles Zakeff, snapping his fingers towards the unicorn and causing a
cloud of tiny weiners to float up and dissipate in a cloud of blue energy. "How far can you see with
that baton of yours? Was it worth the hours of training you spent?"
"You wouldn't be so cocky if I still had bullets for my handgun," the Unicorn Butt Cop
counters.
"Leash your guard dog," the dinosaur wizard tells me flatly. "After last night, I would hope
you have his ear."
My blood runs cold as Zakeff says this, not because he appears to have some knowledge of
our carnal gay pounding the night before, but fearful of how exactly this powerful mage was able to
figure it out.
"How do you mean?" I ask.
The triceratops, who has been staring out towards the New York skyline this entire time,
finally turns his attention to me. "Because you are gay lovers, are you not? You certainly act like it."
I' m not exactly sure what to say to this, knowing that Clobe holds some strange, moral guilt
about the entire situation. The two of us have not had the opportunity to discuss the consequences of
our actions, let alone a label for one another.
I open my mouth, not exactly sure what to say and faltering on my words as Zakeff Ron stares
at me quizzically. He's greatly enjoying this.
Before I can say anything, though, Clobe interjects. "Yes, we are togeather," he says
confidently.
I glance back at the unicorn and blush as the powerful beast puts his hoof on my shoulder.
Zakeff shrugs and then turns back to the great wall, as if Clobe's answer was of entirely no
consequence.
Meanwhile, Clobe and me continue to stare warmly into each other's eyes. Without thinking,
I lean upwards and kiss him gently on the lips, immediately noticing the complete lack of nervousness
or apprehension.
"I can see grates just below the edge of the bridge," observes Zakeff. "One of them appears
to be damaged enough to crawl through. That should lead us into the sewer system and below the
water. If we play our cards right, we could take the sewer all the way to Central Park."
I turn back to the wizard. "But the bridge is lined with spitting demons."
Zakeff nods. "Which means that we'll need a distraction."
"Pupper's Hot And Spicy Hunk spell," suggests Clobe.
The wizard just stares at him blankly, utterly unimpressed.
"It's worked before," I tell Zakeff.
"Is it an illusion or a manifestation?" the wizard asks.
I shake my head. "I'm not sure."
"Does it create magical energy, or simply project a vision?" asks Zakeff, growing impatient.
"Devilmen don't react to illusions."
"It creates energy," I say, remembering the demon snake, "it works."
Zakeff Ron considers this for a moment and then finally gives in. "Is it a spell of charming
man?"
I nod.
"Let's see it," Zakeff offers, turning and pointing down the hill behind us so that our magical
trial run will remain out of view from the demonic New York bridge guards.
I immediately start in with my incantation, and moments later the familiar hunk erupts from
my hands, strutting his stuff down the hillside in all of his chiseled, orange glory. He dances around
seductively for a moment and then finally takes a place on the branch of a nearby tree, perched like an
eagle as it waits for my next command.
The stone around my neck sizzles and swirls with enchanted gay energy.
"Not enough," says Zakeff, shaking his head. "Not even close."
A simple office wizard, I'm somewhat modest with my magic. I can accept a bad review yet,
for some reason, this one hurts. Maybe it hurts because I look up to this notorious dinosaur wizard, or
maybe it's the fact that this trick is now, thanks to the necklace, the best of my magical arsenal. Either
way, I instantly feel like a disappointment.
Zakeff notices, and doesn't care in the slightest.
"Ah ha!" the triceratops suddenly snaps his claws. "I don't have many spells of charming
man, but do you know this one?"
The wizard says a few particularly rhythmic words and then suddenly a ghostly orgy of three
gay lovers appear before us, slamming into each other's holes with everything that they've got. The
group begins to moan and groan loudly as they form an ever changing collective of human pretzels.
Zakeff pulls out his spell book and flips quickly to a page near the back, running down it
with his dinosaur claw until he finds the selection that he's looking for. "There is it, Handsome Orgy,"
the wizard says, and then hands his spell book to me. "Get copying, we don't have much time."
"Won't copying it over erase your spell?" I ask.
"Only with a scroll," Zakeff Ron snaps. "Now get started."
The unicorn still seems unimpressed. "An orgy?" Clobe scoffs.
"Do you doubt the talent of your new bottom when it comes to spells of the charming man
school?" the wizard asks.
Realizing his mistake, Clobe collects himself and nods at me. "Understood."
I take a deep breath and open Zakeff's spell book, studying the strange and intricate symbols
on the page before me.
"I can help you," the triceratops wizard says, handing me a pen, "but we need at least an
hour with no distractions."
There is an awkward silence as it slowly dawns on me what he is saying. Eventually, I turn
to look at Clobe, who still doesn't seem to get it.
"Can you excuse us for a while?" I finally ask, watching as the unicorn's expression flickers
ever so quickly with sadness and then immediately back to his stoic, honorable, Butt Cop appearance.
Without a word, the unicorn nods and then stands and begins to make his way down the hill.
He draws his baton along the way, then finds a patch of grass in the distance where he can properly
rehearse his police technique.
Zakeff and I watch him go and then return to our studies.
"Alright," begins the dinosaur, pointing at the page in his spell book while I ready a pen in
mine. "This is the first part of the phrase, verbally, and this over here is the beginning of the phrase
mentally."
I nod as I listen, beginning to copy the diagram across the blank canvas of my fresh page.
Within me, there is a strange pang of yearning, something that I can barely even admit to myself, and
push away as quickly as it arrives.
I enjoy relating to another spell caster on this level; it's something that I've never ever had
before.
"Pupper," the wizard says. "You're not focusing."
I nod, beginning to copy the next part of the diagram. "I'm sorry."